The Project Gutenberg eBook of Designs for Crazy Daisy Winder, by
Anonymous

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: Designs for Crazy Daisy Winder
       Crochet Time Cut in Half

Author: Anonymous

Release Date: March 5, 2023 [eBook #70205]

Language: English

Produced by: Stephen Hutcheson and the Online Distributed Proofreading
             Team at https://www.pgdp.net

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK DESIGNS FOR CRAZY DAISY
WINDER ***





  Transcriber’s Note
  Italic text displayed as: _italic_
  Bold text displayed as: =bold=




[Illustration:

  DESIGNS _for_
  CRAZY
  DAISY
  WINDER

  _Crochet time
  cut in half_

  REG. U.S. PAT. OFF.

  75 cents




_To Make Daisies_


=Illustration A=—Back view with spokes released.

[Illustration: A]

Hold winder in left hand with flat side toward you. Holding knob
between thumb and fore finger of right hand with thumb at bottom,
push thumb to left to turn knob and release spokes.

[Illustration: B

DIRECTION FOR TURNING]

=Illustration B—SINGLE PETAL DAISY WRAPPED OVER 1 SPOKE.= With left
thumb, hold yarn across center of winder leaving end extend about 1
inch beyond center. With right hand, pass yarn from left to right
around spoke at top (No. 1); across center of winder from right to
left around spoke directly opposite (No. 2), across center of winder
from left to right around spoke No. 3 at right of 1st spoke wrapped;
across center, from right to left around spoke No. 4 at left of 2nd
spoke wrapped; across center, from left to right around spoke No. 5;
across center, from right to left around spoke No. 6; and continue
in this way wrapping each spoke once, always passing across center
to wrap spoke opposite, until the 12th spoke is wrapped. Bring yarn
across center and cut end about 1 inch beyond center. MAKE CENTER
BEFORE REMOVING DAISY FROM WINDER. See Illustration E.

[Illustration: C]

=Illustration C—DOUBLE PETAL DAISY WRAPPED OVER 1 SPOKE.= With left
thumb hold yarn at center leaving end to extend about 1 inch; with
right hand, pass yarn from left to right around spoke No. 1 at
top; across center; from right to left around spoke No. 2 directly
opposite, wrap around these 2 spokes once more in same way; across
center, from left to right around spoke No. 3 at right of spoke 1st
wrapped; across center, from right to left around spoke No. 4 at
left of 2nd spoke wrapped; wrap these 2 spokes once more; across
center, from left to right around spoke No. 5; from right to left
around spoke No. 6; around these 2 once more; and continue in this
way wrapping twice around 2 spokes exactly opposite then passing on
to the next 2, until all spokes are wrapped twice ending with No. 12;
bring yarn across center and cut end about 1 inch beyond center. If
a daisy of more layers of petals is desired, wrap as many times as
you desire layers of petals. MAKE CENTER BEFORE REMOVING DAISY FROM
WINDER. See Illustration E.

[Illustration: D]

=Illustration D—SINGLE PETAL DAISY WRAPPED OVER 2 SPOKES.= With left
thumb, hold yarn at center allowing end to extend about 1 inch. With
right hand, pass yarn from left to right around spokes Nos. 1 and 2;
across center, from right to left around Nos. 3 and 4; across center,
around 5 and 6; across center, around 7 and 8; across center, around
9 and 10; across center, around 11 and 1; across center, around 12
and 3; across center, around 2 and 5; across center, around 4 and
7; across center, around 6 and 9; across center, around 8 and 11;
across center, around 10 and 12; across center, cut end about 1 inch
beyond center. MAKE CENTER BEFORE REMOVING DAISY FROM WINDER. See
Illustration E.

=TO MAKE DOUBLE PETAL DAISY WRAPPED OVER 2 SPOKES.= Make same as
single petal over 2 spokes, then continue to wrap in same way as many
times as desired.

[Illustration: E]

=Illustration E—Center.= Thread needle with yarn for center. Fasten
at center of wrong side of daisy as for embroidery. The side of daisy
toward you is the wrong side. Insert needle under 4 petals, draw yarn
through tightly; bring yarn back over the last 3 of these 4 petals,
insert needle under these 3 petals and 1 more making 4 petals in all;
draw yarn through, continue to bring yarn back over 3 petals and draw
it under 4 petals each time until you have made 13 stitches. Be sure
there are 13, otherwise your center will not be complete. As the
weaving stitches are worked, be careful to carry around the starting
yarn end of Daisy, taking each weaving stitch over this end for at
least 10 stitches so as to fasten it securely. This is particularly
necessary with all the cotton threads. Fasten yarn on wrong side. Cut
off all ends close to center.

Turn knob in opposite direction to draw in spokes and release daisy.

=Illustration F.= Right side of complete daisy.

[Illustration: F]

  PRINTED IN THE U.S.A.




No. 1

  Tablecloth
  OF
  IRISH CROCHET
  DAISIES

[Illustration: Tablecloth]


=MATERIALS=—DAISY Mercerized Crochet Cotton size 30 (400-yd.
balls):—17-balls White, Cream or Ecru, sufficient for size 69″ x 84″
(18 x 22 Blocks). Crochet hook size 13. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

=BLOCK=—(Size—3¾″)—Requires 17 yds. Daisy—Following instructions on
page 2, wind twice around each spoke of Winder as in Illustration C.
Cut 16″ long and weave center as in Ill. E. Make 25 sts around (2
rows), forming a 12-petal flower with 2 lps in each petal. Make 2 sc,
1 hdc and 7 dc thru both lps of one petal, ch 5, sl st in last dc for
a p, 7 dc, 1 hdc and 1 sc in same petal. *Push sts together so they
are evenly spaced around end of petal, then make 1 more sc, inserting
hook back in base of starting sc on other side of petal. Pull this sc
down tight. Ch 5, (2 sc, 1 hdc and 2 dc) in next petal, sl st back in
5th st up side of last ring, (5 dc, a p, 7 dc, 1 hdc and 1 sc) back
in same petal. Repeat from * for 12 petals. Ch 5, sl st in 1st 5 sts
on 1st petal, sl st back in 5th st up side of last petal; sl st back
in next 3 dc. =ROW 2=—Ch 6 for a tr, * (ch 8, sc thru 2 lps of 5th
ch st from hook for a p, ch 12, a p, ch 4, sk next p, tr in next 3d
dc, tr in 3d dc on next petal) twice, ch 8, p, ch 17, remove hook,
insert it back in 5th st from last p, catch lp and pull thru, forming
a ring. Ch 1, (2 sc, 1 hdc and 2 dc), in ring, a 5-ch p, (5 dc, a p,
5 dc, a p, 2 dc, 1 hdc and 2 sc) in bal. of ring, sl st in st at base
of ring, ch 8, p, ch 4, sk next p, tr in next 3d dc, tr in 3d dc on
next petal. Repeat from * around. End with 1 tr, sl st in 6th st of
1st p-lp. Cut 6″ long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to the 1st corner ring in 2d Row. In place of 2d
(center) p on ring, ch 2, sl st in the center p on a corner ring
on 1st Block, ch 2, sl st back in last dc to complete p-joining.
Continue, joining the next p in the same way to corresponding p on
1st Block, then complete ring, ch 8, p, ch 4, sk next p, tr in next
3d dc, tr in 3d dc on next ring, * ch 8, p, ch 4, sl st in center of
next p-lp on 1st Block, ch 8, p, ch 4, sk next p back on same ring
on center, tr in next 3d dc, tr in 3d dc on next ring. Repeat from *
once. Then join the 1st 2 ps on next corner ring to corresponding ps
on 1st Block and complete 2d Block as for 1st Block. Continue to make
and join Blocks for desired size.

=EDGE=—Join to 1st p on ring at one corner, ch 8, p, ch 9, p, (ch 6,
p) twice, ch 2, sk last 3 ps, 3 tr in next 2d ch st, holding back the
last lp of each tr on hook, thread over and pull thru all 4 lps at
once for a Cluster, ch 7, p, ch 4 (a p-lp completed), sc in next p on
ring. Make another p-lp, sc in next p on ring, * (make a p-lp, sc in
next p-lp) twice, a p-lp, sc in 1st p on next corner ring, a p-lp,
sk joining of rings, sc in next p. Repeat from * around, making each
corner like 1st one.

Stretch and pin cloth right-side-down on quilting or curtain frames,
pinning out each point (see Blocking Instructions on page 31).




No. 2 _Party Daisies_

[Illustration: Shirt]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Baby Yarn (3-fold) in 1 oz. skeins:—13-balls
White; Bernat Beada Tinsel (75-yd. spools):—5-spools Gold (sufficient
for Sweater, Bag and Hair Ornament). Crochet hook size 5. 1-pr.
shoulder pads. 2-large buttons. 6-small bone rings. Buckram and satin
lining. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

Size—34 to 38.

=SWEATER=—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C,
wind White yarn 3 times around each spoke of Winder. Cut 1″ long and
weave center with Gold thread as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower
with 3 lps in each petal. Make 317 Daisies for Sweater.

=BLOCK=—In White yarn, make 1 sc thru all 3 lps of one petal, * ch 6,
sc in next petal, ** ch 6, hdc in 1 lp of 5th ch st from hook, ch 2,
sc in next petal. Repeat from * 5 times, ending with a sl st in 1st
sc. Cut 6″ long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to **. Ch 4, sl st in a corner lp of 1st Block, *
ch 2, sk last 2 sts of 4-ch, hdc back in next ch st, ch 2, sc in next
petal, ch 3, sl st in next 6-ch lp on other Block, ch 3, sc back in
next petal, **ch 4, sl st in next corner lp on other Block, ch 2, sk
last 2 sts of 4-ch, hdc back in next ch st, ch 2, sc in next petal
and complete Block as for 1st one.

=3d BLOCK=—Repeat 1st Block to **. Ch 4, sl st in 1st corner lp to
left of joining of 1st 2 Blocks and repeat 2d Block from * to **.
Ch 4, sl st between joined corner lps of 1st 2 Blocks and repeat
2d Block from * to end. Following Chart, make and join 33 Blocks
for each Front, 61 for Back and 95 for each Sleeve. For shorter
Sleeves, drop as many rows off bottom of Sleeves as desired. Join the
2 Blocks on each side of Back to the 3 Blocks on sides of Fronts.
At shoulders, join Blocks A to Fronts (see arrows). Join sides of
Sleeves when making Row 10.

=HALF-BLOCKS=—To fill in all Half-Blocks (indicated by dotted lines),
join to right-hand corner lp, ch 7, sc in next 6-ch lp, * ch 5, (hdc,
ch 2, hdc) between joined corner lps, ch 5, sc in next lp. Repeat
from * once. Ch 5, dc in next corner lp. Ch 1, turn, sc in last 5-ch
lp, draw out lp on hook ¾″ long, yarn over and pull thru lp, insert
hook between single back strand and 2 front strands, catch yarn and
pull thru, yarn over and pull thru the 2 lps on hook to complete sc
(a Knot St made). Make another Knot St, sc in next 5-ch lp, (make 2
Knot Sts, sc in next 5-ch lp) 4 times, make 1 Knot St, turn, (sc in
center sc of next Knot St lp) 5 times, make 1 Knot St, sc in dc at
base of next Knot St. Fasten off. To fill out Half-Blocks at bottom
corner of each Front, join to corner marked E, ch 7, sc in next lp,
ch 5, (hdc, ch 2, hdc) in joining of Blocks, ch 5, sc in next lp, ch
5, (hdc, ch 2, hdc) in next corner lp, ch 10, hdc in 5th ch st from
hook, make 2 Knot Sts, turn, sc in center st of next 5-ch sp, (2 Knot
Sts, sc in next 5-ch lp) 4 times, 1 Knot St, turn, (sc in center of
next Knot St lp) 5 times, 1 Knot St, sc in end 4-ch lp. Fasten off.

[Illustration: Daisy layout]

=EDGE=—Join White yarn to corner of Front at neck (marked B), ch 5,
(dc, ch 2, dc) in same corner lp, * ch 3, (dc, ch 3, tr) in next lp,
ch 2, dtr in joining of Blocks, ch 2, (tr, ch 3, dc) in next lp, ch
3, sc in next corner lp. * Repeat from * to * once. ** Ch 3, (dc, ch
3, tr) in next lp, ch 2, dtr in joining of Blocks, ch 2, (tr, ch 3,
tr) in next lp, ch 2, dtr in joining of Blocks, ch 2, (tr, ch 3, dc)
in next lp, ch 3, sc in next corner lp, ** ch 3, sc in next lp, ch
6, sk next Knot St, sc in next sc, sk 3 sc, sc in next sc, ch 6, sk
next Knot St, sc in next dc, ch 2, sc in next corner lp. Repeat from
** to **. Then repeat from * to * twice. Instead of final sc, make
(dc, ch 2, dc, ch 2, dc) in corner lp. Working down Front, make ch 3,
(dc, ch 3, dc) in next lp, ch 3, sc in next corner lp. Repeat from *
to * 6 times to lower corner. *** Ch 6, sk Knot St, sc in next sc, sk
3 sc, sc in next sc, ch 6, sc in lp at base of next Knot St, ch 3,
sc in next corner lp, sc in next lp, sc in next corner lp, ch 3, sc
in next lp. Repeat from *** across to other corner, then repeat from
* to * 6 times up front. Ch 3, (dc, ch 3, dc) in next lp, ch 3, sl
st in 3d st of 1st 5-ch. Fasten off. =ROW 2=—Join at bottom corner
of Right Front and make 3 sc in each 3-ch sp, 2 sc in each 2-ch sp
and 1 sc in each st between chs, up Front to neck. Around neck, make
3 sc in each 3-ch sp and 2 sc in each 2-ch sp. Work down Left Front
as on other side. At bottom corner ch 4, turn, dc in last sc. * (dc,
ch 1, dc) in next 3d sc. Repeat from * up to neck. Ch 4, turn, dc
between last 2 dc, (dc, ch 1, dc,—all in 1-ch sp between next 2 dc)
repeated across. Repeat this row once and fasten off. =ROW 3=—Sc in
Gold thread in 1st sc of Row 2, (ch 2, sc in next 3d sc) repeated up
Front to neck corner. Fasten off. =ROW 4=—Sc in White yarn in back
lp of 1st Gold sc. ch 4, dc in same st, (dc, ch 1, dc,—all in back
lp of next Gold sc) repeated up to neck. Fasten off. =ROW 5=—* Sc in
Gold thread in 1st 4-ch lp of last row, (ch 2, sc in 1-ch sp of next
shell) repeated up front. * Continue around neck with (2-ch, sc in
next 3d sc) repeated. Fasten off. Repeat Row 4 up Front, widen at
corner and continue on around neck. Fasten off. Repeat Row 5 from *
to * up front and around neck. Fasten off.

=ARMHOLE=—Join White yarn to corner of underarm Block marked C, **
ch 3, sc in next lp, ch 6, sk next Knot St, sc in next sc, sk 3 sc,
sc in next sc, ch 6, sc in next lp at base of Knot St, ch 3, sc in
corner lp of Block. ** Repeat from ** to ** once. Repeat from * to
* in “Edge” 3 times. (Repeat from ** to ** once. Repeat from * to *
in “Edge” once) twice. =ROW 2=—Make 3 sc in each 3-ch sp, 2 sc in
each 2-ch sp, 6 sc in each 6-ch sp and 2 sc across center of each
Half-Block. Fasten off.

=SLEEVE=—Join White to corner of Block D, ch 3, (dc, ch 3, tr) in
next lp, ch 1, dtr in joining of Blocks, ch 1, (tr, ch 3, dc, ch 3,
tr) all in next lp, ch 1, dtr in joining of Blocks, ch 1 (tr, ch 3,
dc) in next lp, ch 3, sc in next corner lp. Repeat from * to * in
“Edge” 4 times. Ch 3, (sc, ch 3, sc) in next lp, ch 3, sc in next
corner lp. Repeat from * to * in “Edge” 4 times. Fasten off. Sew
Sleeve into Armhole. Repeat with other Sleeve. =Cuff=—join White to
1st sc in center of one Half-Block, * sk 3 sc, sc in next sc, ch 6,
sc in next lp at base of next Knot St, sc in corner lp of Block, sc
in next lp, sc in next corner lp, sc in next lp, ch 6, sk Knot St,
sc in next sc. Repeat from * 4 times. =ROW 2=—* 6 sc in next 6-ch
lp, sc in next sc, (sc in next 2d sc) twice, 6 sc in next 6-ch lp.
Repeat from * around. Fasten off. Repeat Row 3 of “Edge”. =ROW 4=—Sc
in White in back lp of one Gold sc, ch 4, dc in same st, * (dc, ch 1,
dc) in back lp of next Gold sc. Repeat from * around. Sl st in 3d st
of 1st 4-ch. Fasten off. =ROW 5=—Sc in Gold in one 1-ch sp, (ch 2, sc
in next 1-ch sp) repeated around. Fasten off. Repeat Rows 4 and 5.
Repeat on other Sleeve.

=BELT=—In White yarn make a ch the desired length of belt, 3 sc in 2d
st, 1 sc in each st across, 3 sc in end st, 1 sc in each st on other
side of ch, sl st in 1st sc. Fasten off. =ROW 2=—Sc in Gold in 1st of
5 sc at one end, * (ch 2, sc in next sc) 4 times around end, (ch 2,
sc in next 3d sc) repeated across. Repeat from *. Fasten off. Repeat
Rows 4 and 5 twice, widening as necessary around ends. Gather bottom
of Sweater and sew under edge of Belt. Fasten Belt and Fronts with
dress snaps. Block Sweater to desired size. Sew one button at collar
and other on Belt.

=HAIR ORNAMENT=—=Pom Pon Daisies=—Wind White yarn 6 times around each
spoke. Weave center in Gold thread making a 12-petal flower with 6
lps in each petal. =Edge=—Sc in Gold thread thru the back lp of one
petal, * (ch 3, sc in the next lp towards front of same petal) 5
times, ch 3, sc in back lp of next petal. Repeat from * 11 times.
Fasten off. Make 3. =Leaf=—In White yarn, ch 18, dc in 5th st from
hook, * ch 1, tr in next 2d ch st, (ch 2, dtr in next 2d st) 3 times,
ch 1, tr in next 2d st, ch 1, dc in next 2d st, ch 1, * (hdc, ch 3,
hdc) in end st, ch 1, dc in next st on other side of ch. Repeat from
* to *. Sl st in 2d st of end 4-ch. Fasten off. Sc in Gold in same
st, sc in next sp, (ch 2, 2 sc in next sp) 7 times, ch 2, (sc, ch 3,
sc) in end sp, (ch 2, 2 sc in next sp) 8 times. Join and fasten off.
Make 2. =Center Stem=—In White, ch 50, 49 sc on ch. Fasten off. In
Gold, make 1 sl st in each ch st, then make 1 sl st in each sc back
to end. Fasten off. 2d Stem—Start with 25-ch and 24-sc. 3d Stem—Start
with 20-ch and 19-sc. Tack motifs into a group and fasten to a comb.

=BAG=—=Base=—In White yarn, ch 9, sl st in 1st st. Ch 3, 17 dc in
ring, sl st in 1st 3-ch. Fasten off. =ROW 2=—Sc in Gold in 1 dc, (ch
1, sc in next dc) repeated around. Fasten off. =ROW 3=—Sl st in White
in back lp of 1 sc, ch 4, dc in same st, * (dc, ch 1, dc,—all in back
lp of next sc) repeated around. Sl st in 3d st of 1st 4-ch. Fasten
off. =ROW 4=—Sc in Gold in one 1-ch sp, (ch 2, sc in next 1-ch sp)
repeated around. Fasten off. =ROW 5=—Repeat Row 3 to *. Ch 1, dc in
same st, (dc, ch 1, dc, ch 1, dc,—all in back lp of next Gold sc)
repeated around. Sl st in 3d st of 1st 4-ch. Fasten off. =ROW 6=—Like
Row 4 only make 1-ch between sc. Repeat Rows 3 and 4. =ROW 9=—Repeat
Row 3 to *. * (Dc, ch 1, dc, ch 1, dc) all in next sc, (dc, ch 1, dc)
all in next sc. Repeat from * around. Sl st in 3d st of 1st 4-ch.
Fasten off. Repeat Rows 6, 3 and 4.

=Top=—In White, ch 144, sl st in 1st st, ch 3, 143 dc on ch, sl st in
3-ch. =ROW 2=—Ch 3, dc in each dc around, sl st in 3-ch. Repeat thru
Row 14. Fasten off. =ROW 15=—Sc in Gold in 1 dc, (ch 2, sc in next 3d
dc) repeated around. Fasten off. Repeat Rows 3 and 4 of Base 9 times.
=Edge=—With Gold, ** ch 1, dc in back lp of next sc, * ch 1, (tr, ch
1, tr) in back lp of next sc. Repeat from * twice. Ch 1, dc in next
sc, ch 1, sc in next sc. Repeat from ** around. Fasten off. =ROW
2=—Sc in White in 1st 1-ch sp on one scallop, * (ch 3, sc in next
1-ch sp) 8 times, sc in next 1-ch sp. Repeat from * around. Fasten
off. =ROW 3=—Sc in Gold in 1st 3-ch lp, * (ch 2, sc in next 3-ch lp)
7 times, sc in next lp. Repeat from * around. Fasten off. Make 1 sc
in Gold in each st around bottom of Top.

Make 20 Pom Pon Daisies. Sew 10 around 4th Row of Top. Sew 10 around
Row 12 between those in 1st row. Line Top with satin up to base of
scallops. Steam and press Base on back. Cover 2 circles of white
buckram on both sides with satin and tack to Base. Sew Base to Top.
Sew 6 small bone rings around top of lining.

=Cord=—Cut 4 strands each White and Gold 60” long, twist tightly,
double and twist in opposite direction. Fasten loose end, run cord
thru bone rings and tack ends together. Make a 2d Cord, run it thru
rings from opposite side and join ends.




No. 3

  _Daisy
  Vanity
  Set_

[Illustration: Vanity cover]


=MATERIALS=—DAISY Mercerized Crotchet Cotton size 30 (400-yd.
balls)—2-balls White, Cream or Ecru. Crochet hook size 13. CRAZY
DAISY WINDER.

=BLOCK=—(Size—4¾″)—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, wind 3
times around each spoke of Winder as in Illustration C. Cut 14″ long
and weave center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 3 lps
in each petal. =Edge=—Sc thru all 3 lps of one petal, (ch 13, sc in
next petal) 11 times, ch 13, sl st in 1st sc. =ROW 2=—* Ch 5, (dc,
ch 7, dc) in 7th (center) st of next lp, ch 5, sc in next sc. Repeat
from * 11 times. =ROW 3=—Ch 3, 4 dc in next 5-ch sp, * 1 dc in dc, 3
dc in next 7-ch lp, 5 dc in one lp of center st of same lp, 3 dc in
bal. of lp, 1 dc in dc, 3 dc in next 5-ch sp, (2 dc in same sp and
2 dc in next sp) holding back the last lp of each of these 4 dc on
hook, thread over and pull thru all 5 lps on hook at once (a Cluster
made), 3 dc in bal. of same 5-ch sp. Repeat from * around. End with a
2-dc-Cluster, sl st in 1st dc. =ROW 4=—Ch 14, dtr in same st, * ch 6,
a 3-tr-Cluster in starting st of 6-ch, ch 1, sc in tip of next point,
ch 6, sc thru 2 lps of 5th ch st from hook for a p, ch 2, a long tr
(thread over 5 times and work off in twos) in 1 lp of center st on
next point, (ch 6, a p, ch 2, a tr tr) 4 times in same st, ch 6, a
3-tr-Cluster in starting st of 6-ch, ch 5, sl st in top of Cluster
for a p, ch 6, sl st at base of Cluster, sl st in side-top of last tr
tr, (ch 6, a p, ch 2, tr tr in same st on point) 3 times, ch 6, a p,
ch 2, a long tr in same st, ch 6, p, ch 2, sc in next point, ch 6, a
3-tr-Cluster in starting st of 6-ch, ch 1, (dtr, ch 6, dtr) down in
Cluster in angle between points. Repeat from * around. End with ch 6,
a Cluster, ch 1, sl st in 8th st of 1st 14-ch. Cut 6″ long, thread to
a needle and fasten off on back.

=LARGE DOILY=—(11½″ x 15″)—Make 6 Blocks and tack tog. 2 x 3 with
neat over-and-over sts on back. Tack tog. by the corner Clusters, by
the 6-ch lp on center of each side, and by the 3 center ps on sides
of corner shells. =Edge=—join to one corner, * (ch 17, sc in next 2d
p) twice, ch 17, sc in 6-ch lp between next 2 Clusters, (ch 17, sc in
next 2d p) twice, ch 17, sc in joining of Blocks. Repeat from * to
corner. Ch 20, sc in same corner Cluster. Repeat from * around. =ROW
2=—18 sc in next lp, * 9 sc in half of next lp, ch 17, sl st back in
9th sc up side of previous lp, ch 1, 19 sc and 1 sl st in 17-ch lp,
** 9 sc in bal. of next lp. Repeat from * to center of corner lp,
ending at **, 3 sc in same corner lp, ch 17, sl st back in 3d sc, ch
1, 19 sc and l sl st in 17-ch lp, 9 sc in bal. of corner lp. Repeat
from * around. Fasten off.

=SMALL DOILY=—(11½″ square)—Make and join 4 Blocks into a square and
repeat Edge. Make a 2d Doily.

Stretch and pin Doilies right-side-down in true shape, pinning out
each lp on edge. Steam and press dry thru a cloth.




NO. 4 _Chair Set_ “DAISIES FOR DECORATION”

[Illustration:

  CHART FOR
  JOINING BLOCKS


=MATERIALS=—Lily Frost-Tone Mercerized Crochet Cotton (600-yd.
cones):—1⅓-cones White, Cream or Ecru. Crochet hook size 9. CRAZY
DAISY WINDER.

=BLOCK=—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C,
wind 4 times around spokes 1 and 2, twice around spokes 3 and 4, 4
times around spokes 5 and 6, twice around spokes 7 and 8, 4 times
around spokes 9 and 10 and twice around spokes 11 and 12, cut about
24″ long and weave center as in Ill. E, making 38 sts (3 rows)
around, forming a 12-petal flower with 4-lp petals alternating with
2-lp petals.

=Edge=—Make 1 sc thru all lps of a 4-lp petal, * ch 6, sc in 1 lp of
next 2-lp petal, ch 6, sc in 2d lp of same petal, ch 6, sc in next
4-lp petal. Repeat from * around. End with 3-ch, 6 dc in back lp of
1st sc, sc in next 6-ch lp, (5 dc in back lp of next sc, sc in next
6-ch lp) repeated around. =ROW 3=—Ch 1, turn, sl st in last 3 dc,
* ch 8, sc in center of next shell, ch 3, tr in center dc of next
shell, (ch 1, tr) 5 times in same dc, ch 3, sc in next shell. Repeat
from * around. =ROW 4=—Ch 1, turn, * 4 sc in 3-ch sp, (2 sc, ch 4, sl
st in last sc for a p, and 1 sc) all in each of next 5 sps, 4 sc in
next 3-ch sp, (5 sc, a p and 5 sc) in next lp. Repeat from * around.
Cut 6″ long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=LARGE DOILY=—Make and join 19 Blocks as in Chart. Join by corner
ps and by the 5 ps on each side:—To join, in place of 4-ch ps, make
2-ch, sl st in corresponding p on another Block, ch 2, sl st back in
last sc to complete joining p.

=ARM REST DOILY=—Make 10 Blocks and join as in Chart. Make 2 Doilies.

Stretch and pin Doilies right-side-down in true shape. Steam and
press dry thru a cloth.




NO. 5 _Afghan_ “ACCENT ON DAISIES”


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Knitting Worsted (4-fold Germantown) in 4-oz.
sks:—5-sks. Navy, 3-sks. Harding Blue, 8-sks. Silver Gray and 3-sks.
Variegated Java. Crochet hook size 0. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

Size—47″ x 67″.

=BLOCK=—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C,
wind Variegated Java twice around each spoke of Winder, cut about 14″
long and weave center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 2
loops in each petal. Three dark petals will alternate with 3 light
petals around Daisy.

=Base=—In Gray, ch 6, sl st in 1st st. Ch 4, hdc in ring, (ch 2, hdc
in ring) 6 times, ch 2, sl st in 2d st of 1st 4-ch. =ROW 2=—Ch 3,
turn, (dc, ch 2, 2 dc) in next 2-ch sp, * ch 1, (dc, ch 1, dc) in
next sp, ch 1, (2 dc, ch 2, 2 dc) in next sp. Repeat from * twice. Ch
1, (dc, ch 1, dc) in next sp, ch 1, sl st in 1st 3-ch. =ROW 3=—Sl st
in next dc, * (sc, ch 3, sc) in corner 2-ch, ch 1 and with a Daisy
held on top of work, sc thru back lp of 1st of 3 dark petals into
next 1-ch sp, (ch 1, sc thru back lp of next dark petal into next
1-ch sp) twice, ch 1 and repeat from * around, joining 3 light petals
next, then 3 dark petals and finally, 3 light petals. End with ch 1,
sl st in 1st sc at corner. =ROW 4=—* (Sc, ch 3, sc) in corner sp,
(ch 1, sc in next 1-ch sp) 4 times, ch 1 and repeat from * around.
End with ch 1, sl st in 1st sc at corner. Cut 3″ long. =ROW 5=—Turn,
(sc, ch 3, sc) in Harding Blue in one corner, * (ch 1, sc in next sp)
5 times, ch 1, (sc, ch 3, sc) in corner sp. Repeat from * around,
working over end left from last row. End with ch 1, sl st in 1st sc
at corner. Cut 3″ long. =ROW 6=—Repeat Row 5 in Navy with 1 more ch 1
and sc on each side. Cut 6″ long, thread to a needle and fasten off
on back.

[Illustration: ILLUSTRATING NO. 4 AND NO. 5]

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat as far as 3d corner in Row 6. In place of corner
3-ch, make 1 ch, sl st in 2d st of a corner 3-ch on 1st Block, being
careful to have the dark petals of one Daisy opposite to those in
other. Ch 1, sc back in corner sp of 2d Block, (ch 1, sl st across
in next sp on 1st Block, ch 1, sc back in next sp on 2d Block)
repeated across to corner, ch 1, sl st in 2d st of corner 3-ch on 1st
Block, ch 1, sc back in same corner sp on 2d Block, then complete
row and fasten off. Continue to make and join Blocks,—14 wide by 21
long,—alternating direction of dark petals in Daisies.

=BORDER=—In Navy, (sc, ch 3, sc) in one corner, (ch 1, sc in next
1-ch sp) repeated around, with corners like 1st one. End with ch 1,
sl st in 1st sc. =ROW 2=—Sc in corner 3-ch, ch 3, 3 dc and 1 sc in
same sp, * ch 3, 3 dc in next sc, sc in next 2d sc, ch 3, 3 dc in
next 1-ch sp, sc in next 2d 1-ch sp. Repeat from * around, with (sc,
ch 3, 3 dc and 1 sc) all in corner 3-ch sp. End with sl st in 1st sc
and fasten off. =ROW 3=—Turn, (sc, ch 3, 3 dc and sc) in Variegated
Java in 3-ch of a corner shell, (ch 3, 3 dc in same place, sc in 3-ch
of next shell) repeated around with each corner like 1st one. Join
and fasten off. Repeat Row 3 in Navy, Harding Blue and Navy.

Stretch and pin afghan right-side-down on a large, padded table or
board, or on quilting or curtain frames. Steam and press dry thru a
cloth (see Blocking Instructions on page 31).




No. 6

_Tea Table Cloth_

[Illustration: Tablecloth]

[Illustration: Tablecloth closeup]


=MATERIALS=—Lily SKYTONE Mercerized Crochet Cotton:—4-balls Cream and
3-balls Salmon Rose. Crochet hook size 10. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

Size—31″ x 42″.

=BLOCK=—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C,
wind Cream 5 times around spokes 1 and 2 of Winder, * hold thumb on
strands in center (and wind from right-to-left around spoke 10 and
from left-to-right around spoke 9) 5 times. Repeat from * around
spokes 6 and 5. Cut 16″ long and weave center as in Ill. E, making 13
sts around (2 rows), going under 3 petals and back over 2 petals with
each st,—making a 6-petal flower with 5 lps in each petal.

=Edge=—Sc in Salmon Rose thru all 5 lps of one petal, ch 3, 13 dc in
same petal, (ch 1, 14 dc in next petal) 5 times, ch 1, sl st in top
of 1st 3-ch. Cut 6″ long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.
=ROW 2=—Sc in Cream in a 1-ch sp between petals, * (ch 3, dc in next
3d dc) twice, ** (ch 5, sc in 2 lps of 5th ch st from hook for a p,
ch 1, dc in next dc) 3 times, ch 3, dc in next 3d dc, ch 3, sc in
1-ch between petals. Repeat from * 5 times. Fasten off.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to ** in Row 2. Ch 5, p, ch 1, dc in next dc, ch
3, sl st in center p on one corner of 1st Block, * ch 2, sk last 2
sts of 3-ch, sc back in next ch st to complete joining p, ch 1, dc in
next dc, * ch 3, sl st in next p on 1st Block and repeat from * to *.
Complete petal and join the 1st 2 ps on next petal in the same way to
the next 2 ps on 1st Block, then complete Block as for 1st Block.

=3d BLOCK=—Join between 1st 2 Blocks:—Join 2d and 3d ps on 1st petal
to corresponding ps on 2d Block, join the 1st p on next petal to next
(free) p on 2d Block, join the next p to joining of 1st 2 Blocks,
join the next p to next (free) p on 1st Block, join the 1st 2 ps on
next petal to the next 2 ps on 1st Block and complete Block.

Make 113 Blocks and join as follows:—Join 6 Blocks in a circle around
1st (center) Block. Make a 2d row around of 12 Blocks, a 3d row of 18
Blocks, a 4th row of 24 Blocks and a 5th row of 30 Blocks. Then add a
row of 11 Blocks across 2 sides and add a 2d row of 11 Blocks to 1st
row.

=EDGE=—Join Cream to 2d of 8 ps on one corner Block, ch 3 for a dc,
(ch 7, dc in next p) twice, ch 7, dtr in sc between petals, * (ch 7,
dc in next p) 3 times, ch 7, dtr in sc between petals, ch 7, dtr in
next p, dtr in 1st p on next Block, ch 7, dtr in sc between petals.
Repeat from * around, with each corner like 1st one. Join final 7-ch
to 3d st of 1st lp. =ROW 2=—(5 sc, ch 5, sl st in last sc for a p,
and 4 sc) repeated in each 7-ch lp around. Fasten off.

Stretch and pin right-side-down on a large, padded board or table, or
on curtain or quilting frames. Steam and press dry thru a cloth (see
Blocking Instructions on page 31).




No. 7

_Daisy Doilies_

“FOR THAT DECORATIVE TOUCH”

[Illustration: Three doilies]


=MATERIALS=—Lily Sil-Tone Mercerized Crochet Cotton (100-yd.
balls):—1 ball White for each Doily. Crochet hook size 13. CRAZY
DAISY WINDER.

=A=—“=DAISY RING=”—(Size—8”)—=Center=—Following instructions on page
2, Illustration C, wind thread 4 times around each spoke of Winder.
Cut 14” long and weave center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower
with 4 lps in each petal. =Edge=—Sc in back lp of one petal, * (ch 2,
sc in next lp towards the front of same petal) 3 times, ch 2, sc in
back lp of next petal. Repeat from * around. Join with ch 2, sl st
in 1st sc. Ch 1, sc in next 2-ch sp, (ch 3, sc in next sp) repeated
around. Cut 6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=DAISY=—Wind thread 3 times around each spoke of WINDER and weave
center as before. =Edge=—Sc thru all 3 lps of one petal, ch 3, 3
dc in same petal, ** ch 5, sl st in last dc for a p, 4 dc in same
petal, ch 6, sl st in 1 lp of starting st of 6-ch for a p, 4 dc in
next petal, ** a 5-ch p, 4 dc in same petal, ch 7, sl st in a lp
on Center, ch 6, sl st back in starting st of 7-ch, * 4 dc in next
petal, ch 2, sl st in next 2d lp on Center, ch 2, sl st back in last
dc, 4 dc in same petal, *** ch 3, sl st in next 2d lp on Center, ch
2, sl st back in starting st of 3-ch. Repeat from * to ***. Ch 7, sl
st in next 2d lp on Center, ch 6, sl st back in starting st of 7-ch,
4 dc in next petal. Repeat from ** to ** around. End with a p, sl st
in 1st 3-ch. Fasten off. =2d DAISY=—Repeat 1st Daisy to 2d **. Ch 2,
sl st in 3d p on last Daisy above final joining to Center, ch 2, sl
st back in last dc, 4 dc in same petal, ch 3, sl st in next p on last
Daisy, ch 2, sl st back in starting st of 3-ch, 4 dc in next petal,
ch 2, sl st in next p on 1st Daisy, ch 2, sl st back in last dc, 4
dc in same petal, ch 7, sl st in same lp on Center where last Daisy
was joined, ch 6, sl st back in starting st of 7-ch. Repeat from * to
complete Daisy.

Make and join 4 more Daisies around center, joining 1st and 6th
Daisies.

Stretch and pin Doily right-side-down in true shape. Steam and press
dry thru a cloth.

=B=—“=DAISY TRIO=”—(Size—7” x 7¼”)—Following instructions on page
2, Illustration C, wind thread 3 times around each spoke of Winder.
Cut 14” long and weave center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower
with 3 lps in each petal. =Edge=—Sc thru all 3 lps of one petal, * ch
6, sc in one lp of next petal, (ch 3, sc in next lp of same petal)
twice, ch 6, sc in all 3 lps of next petal. Repeat from * around.
Join with ch 6, sl st in 1st sc. =ROW 2=—* 7 sc in next lp, (3 sc in
next lp) twice, ch 8, turn, sl st back in 6th sc, ch 1, turn, 10 sc
in 8-ch lp, 4 sc in half of next lp, turn, (ch 3, dc in next 2d sc
on added lp) 5 times, ch 3, sl st in next 4th sc. Ch 1, turn, (2 sc,
ch 4, sl st in last sc for a p and 2 sc) all in each of next 6 sps,
3 sc in bal. of next sp. Repeat from * around and join. Cut 6” long,
thread to a needle and fasten off on back. Make 2 more Daisies. Tack
tog. by the 4th and 5th ps on one shell and by the 2d and 3d ps on
next shell, to corresponding ps on other 2 Daisies.

=Corner Shell=—With wrong-side-up, join to 1st p to right of joining
of 2 Daisies, ch 8, sc across in same p on other Daisy, ch 1, turn,
11 sc on 8-ch lp. Ch 5, dc in next p, ch 3, turn, tr in next 3d sc,
(ch 3, tr in next 2d sc) 4 times, ch 3, sc in next p. Ch 1, turn,
(2 sc, a 4-ch p and 2 sc all in next sp, 1 sc in next st) 7 times.
Fasten off. Join to 2d p on next shell, turn, (ch 7, dtr between next
2 ps on added shell) 6 times, ch 7, sc in 2d p on next shell. Ch 1,
turn, (4 sc, a p, 4 sc) in each 7-ch sp and 1 sc in each dtr. Fasten
off. Repeat on other 2 sides.

Stretch and pin Doily right-side-down in true shape. Steam and press
dry thru a cloth.

=C=—“=LACY DAISY SQUARE=”—(Size—9”)—=Daisy=—Following instructions
on page 2, Illustration C, wind thread 4 times around each spoke
of Winder. Cut 14” long and weave center as in Ill. E, making a
12-petal flower with 4 lps in each petal. =Edge=—Sc thru all 4 lps
of one petal, (ch 9, dc in 8th ch st from hook, ch 8, dc in 8th ch
st from hook, ch 1, sc thru all 4 lps of next petal) 12 times. Sl
st to center of 1st lp. =ROW 2=—Ch 5, 2 tr in same lp, holding back
the last lp of each tr on hook, thread over and pull thru all 3
lps at once (a Cluster), (ch 9, a 3-tr-Cluster in next lp, ch 5, a
3-tr-Cluster in next lp) repeated around. Join with 2-ch, dc in 1st
Cluster. =ROW 3=—Turn, * ch 4, tr in 3d st of next 9-ch, (ch 2, tr in
next ch st) 4 times, ch 4, sc in next 5-ch lp. Repeat from * around.
=ROW 4=—Ch 1, turn, 2 sc in last 4-ch, * (ch 4, 2 sc in next sp) 5
times, ch 2, 2 sc in next 4-ch. Repeat from * around and join. Cut 6”
long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=2d Daisy=—Repeat to * in Row 4. Ch 4, 2 sc in next sp, ch 2, sl st
in corresponding lp on 1st Daisy, ch 2, 2 sc back in next sp, ch 1,
sl st in next lp on 1st Daisy, ch 1, 2 sc back in next sp, ch 2, sl
st in next lp on 1st Daisy, ch 2, 2 sc back in next sp and complete
shell. Join next shell in same way to next shell on 1st Daisy and
complete Daisy.

Make and join 2 more Daisies in same way into a square, leaving 1
shell free in center between joinings.

=Fill-in Motif=—Ch 14, sl st in 1st st. Ch 3, 2 dc in ring, (ch 7, 3
dc in ring) 7 times, ch 3, dc in 1st 3-ch. Ch 13, sl st in joining
of 2 Daisies, ch 13, sc back in last dc, * ch 7, sl st in 2d 4-ch lp
on next free shell, ch 6, sc back in next 7-ch lp, ch 6, sl st in
next 2d lp on shell, ch 7, sc back in next 7-ch lp, ch 13, sl st in
joining of Daisies, ch 13, sc back in same 7-ch lp. Repeat from *
around. Fasten off.

=Fill-in Shells=—Counting from joining of 2 Daisies, join to 3d 4-ch
lp to right, ch 7, tr tr down in next 2d 4-ch lp, tr tr in 1st 4-ch
lp on next Daisy, ch 7, sc in next 2d 4-ch lp. Ch 4, turn, tr between
tr tr, (ch 2, tr in same place) 5 times, ch 4, sc in same lp where
work started. Ch 1, turn, (3 sc, ch 4, sl st in last sc for a p, 3
sc) in 1st and last 4-ch sps, (2 sc, a p, 2 sc) in each 2-ch sp.
Fasten off. Repeat on other 3 sides.

Stretch and pin right-side-down in true shape. Steam and press dry
thru a cloth.


[Illustration: Daisy bedspread]




No. 8

_Daisy Bedspread_

“TEXTURED IN BEAUTY”

[Illustration: Bedspread closeup]


=MATERIALS=—Lily Homestead Crochet and Knitting Cotton, Art. 131 in
skeins or Art. 205 in balls:—

=Single Size=—26-sks. Ecru or 32-sks. White; or 22-balls Ecru or
26-balls White or Cream.

=Double Size=—29-sks. Ecru or 36 sks. White; or 24-balls Ecru or
29-balls White or Cream. =Gauge=—Each Block measures about 4½”. For
single size spread about 77” x 108”, make 17 x 24 Blocks; for double
size spread about 86” x 108” make 19 x 24 Blocks. Crochet hook size
10. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

=BLOCK=—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, wind 6 times around
each spoke of Winder, as in Illustration C. Cut 16” long and weave
center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 6 lps in each
petal. =Edge=—With Daisy wrong-side-up, make sc thru all 6 lps of one
petal. (Be careful to have lps straight and untwisted). * Ch 6, 5 tr
in starting st of 6-ch, holding back the last lp of each tr on hook,
thread over and pull thru all 6 lps at once for a Cluster puff st, ch
1, sc in next petal. Repeat from * around, joining with sl st in 1st
sc. =ROW 2=—Turn, (ch 13, sc in sc between next 2 Clusters) 11 times,
ch 6, dtr between next 2 Clusters.

=ROW 3=—Ch 6, dc in 1 lp of center st of next lp, (ch 3, dc) 3 times
in same st, * (ch 3, dc) 4 times in center st of each lp around. End
with (ch 3, dc) 3 times in dtr at end of last row, ch 3, sl st in 3d
st of next 6-ch. Cut 6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on
back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to * in Row 3. (Ch 3, dc) twice in center st of
next lp, ch 1, sl st in one shell on 1st Block, ch 1, (dc, ch 3, dc)
back in same st to complete shell. Join the next shell in same way to
the next shell on 1st Block. Continue to make and join Blocks by 2
shells on each side of each, leaving one shell free between joinings.

=Fill-in Motif=—Join to one free shell in opening between 4 Blocks,
ch 7 and make a long tr (thread over 5 times and work off in twos) in
next joining of Blocks, (ch 2, tr in next free shell, ch 2, a long tr
in next joining of Blocks) 3 times, ch 2 sl st in 5th st of 1st 7-ch.
Ch 3, (sk next long tr, dc in next tr) 3 times, sl st in top of 1st
dc. Fasten off. Repeat in each opening between Blocks.

Stretch and pin spread right-side-down on curtain or quilting frames
(see Blocking Instructions on page 31).




No. 9

_Daisy Pot Holders_


[Illustration: three pot holders]

=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Knitting Worsted (4-fold Germantown). Crochet
hook size 0. Bone rings. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

=A=—=“RAINBOW PLAID” POT HOLDER=—Colors—Red, Gray, Variegated Green
and Rainbow.

=DAISY=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C, wind
Variegated Green 4 times around each spoke of Winder. Cut 1” long.
Weave center with Red as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 4
lps in each petal.

=BLOCK=—Sc in Red thru all 4 lps of one petal, * ch 4, sl st thru 1
lp of starting st of 4-ch, ch 5, (sl st, ch 3, sl st) in same place,
sc in same petal, (ch 1, sc, ch 3 and sc all in next petal) twice, ch
1, sc in next petal. Repeat from * around. End with ch 1, sl st in
1st sc. Cut 6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=BACK=—In Gray, ch 2 making 1st st twice usual size, 8 sc in long st.
In back lps, (sl st, ch 3, dc) in 1st sc, * (ch 1, dc) 3 times in
next 2d sc. Repeat from * twice, ** ch 1, dc in next 2d st, ch 1, sl
st in 3d st of 1st 4-ch. ** =ROW 3=—Ch 4, dc in same st, ch 1, * (dc,
ch 1, dc) in next 2d sp, (ch 1, dc) 3 times in corner dc. Repeat from
* around. Repeat last row from ** to **. =ROW 4=—Ch 4, dc in same st,
* ch 1, dc in next dc, ch 1, (dc, ch 1, dc) in next 2d sp, ch 1, sk
next sp, dc in next dc, (ch 1, dc) 3 times in next dc. Repeat from *
around. End as from ** to ** in Row 2. =ROW 5=—Ch 1, turn, lay Daisy
Block on square, 2 sc thru 1 lp at end of a corner p into same st
with sl st, * sc in next 1-ch sp, (sc in next dc, sc thru tip of next
p into next 1-ch sp) twice, sc in next dc. Repeat from * once. Sc in
next sp, 3 sc thru corner p into corner dc. Repeat from * around. End
with 1 sc in 1st corner, sl st in 1st sc. Fasten off. Make another
square in same colors. Make 2 squares with Daisy in Variegated
Rainbow. Sew tog. thru 1 lp of each st, alternating colors.

=EDGE=—Sl st in Red in 1 sc, (ch 1, sl st in next sc) repeated
around. Fasten off. Steam and press on back thru a cloth. Sew a bone
ring to one corner.

=B=—=“FLOWER BASKET” POT HOLDER=—Colors—Gray, White, 3 shades of
Green and 5 or more colors for flowers.

=BASE=—In white, ch 2 making 1st st twice usual size. 8 sc in long
st. In back lps, (sl st, ch 3, and 2 dc) all in 1st sc, (3 dc in next
sc) 7 times, sl st in 3-ch. Ch 3, dc in same st, (2 dc in next st, 1
dc in next, 2 dc in next) repeated around and join. Ch 3, dc in same
st, (1 dc in next, 2 dc in next) repeated around and join. Ch 3, dc
in same st, (dc in 3 dc, 2 dc in next dc) repeated around and join.
Ch 3, dc in same st, (dc in 4 dc, 2 dc in next dc) repeated around
and join. Ch 3, dc in same st, (dc in 5 dc, 2 dc in next dc) repeated
around and join. Ch 1, 1 sc in each st around. Fasten off.

=BASKET=—In Gray, ch 5, 8 dc in 1st st. Ch 1, turn and in back lps,
(sc in 2 dc, 2 sc in next dc) twice, sc in 3 sts. Ch 3, turn and thru
both lps, dc in last sc, (2 dc in next sc, 1 dc in next) 5 times. Ch
1, turn and in back lps, (sc in 2 dc, 2 sc in next dc) 5 times, sc in
2 sts. Ch 3, turn and thru both lps, (dc in 7 sc, 2 dc in next sc)
twice, dc in 6 sc. Ch 1, turn and in back lps, (sc in 4 dc, 2 sc in
next st) 4 times, sc in 4 dc. Ch 3, turn and thru both lps, (dc in
6 sc, 2 dc in next sc) 3 times, dc in 7 sc. Ch 1, turn and in back
lps, (sc in 4 dc, 2 sc in next dc) 5 times, 6 sc. Ch 3, turn and thru
both lps, (dc in 8 sc, 2 dc in next sc) 3 times, 9 dc. Ch 1, turn and
in both lps, sl st in last dc, (ch 3, sl st in next 2 dc) repeated
across. Fasten off. =Handle=—Ch 90, sk last st, sc in each remaining
st. Ch 2, turn, hdc in back lp of each sc. Fasten off. Sew Basket
back-to-back on Base.

=DAISY=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C, wind a
color twice around each spoke of Winder. Cut 1” long and weave center
with another color as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 2 lps
in each petal. Make 5.

=LEAF=—In Green, ch 15, sl st in 3d st from hook, (1 sc, 1 hdc, 2 dc,
4 tr, 2 dc, 1 hdc and 1 sc) on bal. of ch, ch 4 and fasten off. Make
3. Sew flowers and leaves on Base above Basket as in illustration.

Steam and press dry on back thru a cloth. Sew a bone ring to top.

=C=—=“NOSEGAY” POT HOLDER=—Colors—Beige and 7 or more colors for
flowers.

=BLOCK=—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C,
wind 3 colors twice around each spoke of Winder. Cut 1” long and weave
center with another color as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with
2 lps in each petal. =Edge=—Sc in Beige thru both lps of one petal, *
ch 1, (sc, ch 2, sc) in next petal. Repeat from * around. End with ch
1, 1 sc in 1st petal, ch 2, sl st in 1st sc. Cut 6” long, thread to a
needle and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat Edge to *. (Ch 1, sc in next petal, ch 1, sl st in
a p on 1st Block, ch 1, sc back in same petal) 3 times, and complete
as for 1st Block.

=3d BLOCK=—Repeat Edge to *. Ch 1, sc in next petal, ch 1 and
counting from joining of 1st 2 Blocks, sl st in 2d p to left on 1st
Block, ch 1, sc back in same petal, ch 1, sc in next petal, ch 1, sl
st in next p on 1st Block, ch 1, sc back in same petal, ch 1, sc in
next petal, ch 1, sl st in joining of 1st 2 Blocks, ch 1, sc back in
same petal. Continue, joining to next 2 ps on 2d Block, then complete
Block. Continue, joining 4 more Blocks around 1st Block.

Steam and press dry on back thru a cloth. Line back with felt. Sew a
bone ring to one corner.




No. 10

TABLE DOILY SET

_Daisy Chain_


[Illustration: Table Doily]

=MATERIALS=—Lily Frost-Tone Mercerized Crochet Cotton (600-yd.
cones):—2-cones Ecru and a partial cone each Turquoise and Coral
Pink (sufficient for Centerpiece, 4 Place Mats and 4 Glass Doilies).
Crochet hook size 10. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

=PLACE MAT=—(Size—14″)—=Border Daisies=—Following instructions on
page 2, wind Ecru 3 times around each spoke as in Illustration C, cut
14″ long and weave center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with
3 lps in each petal. Make 12. =Edge=—1 sc, 1 hdc and 3 dc thru all 3
lps of one petal, * ch 5, sl st in last dc for a p, 3 dc, 1 hdc and 1
sc in same petal. Repeat in each petal, join, cut 6″ long, thread to
a needle and fasten off on back. (For looser work, make only 2 dc on
each side of ps so that Edge lies flat). Pull and stretch each petal
out so that sts are centered exactly around end of each.

=2d Daisy=—Repeat to *. Ch 2, sl st in a p on 1st Daisy, ch 2, sl st
back in last dc to complete p-joining. Complete petal and join the
next petal on each Daisy in same way. join 12 Daisies into a circle
by 2 petals on each side of each, leaving 3 petals free on each on
inside of circle between joinings.

=Flower=—In Turquoise, (ch 4, 3 dc in 4th ch st from hook, ch 3, sl
st in same st) 6 times, sl st in starting st. Fasten off. Make 6
Turquoise and 6 Coral Pink flowers. Sew one on center of each Daisy,
alternating colors.

=Center=—=Daisy=—Wind Ecru around and around WINDER as in Ill. D,
until there are 2 lps around each pair of spokes. Cut 24″ long and
weave center as in Ill. E, making 37 sts (3 rows around).

[Illustration: Table doily closeup]

=Edge=—Sc thru 1 lp of one petal, (ch 5, sc in next lp) 23 times,
ch 2, dc in 1st sc. =ROW 2=—(Ch 7, sc in next lp) 23 times, ch 3,
dc in next lp. =ROW 3=—* Ch 6, 2 tr in starting st of 6-ch, holding
back the last lp of each tr on hook, thread over and pull thru all
3 lps on hook at once (a Cluster), ch 7, a 2-tr-Cluster in 2d st of
7-ch from last Cluster, ch 1, sc in next lp. Repeat from * around.
End with 1 Cluster, a 3-tr-Cluster in dc at end of last row. =ROW
4=—(Ch 10, sc between Clusters in next lp) 24 times. =ROW 5=—Ch 1,
sc in next lp, * (ch 4, sc) 3 times in same lp, ch 2, sc in next lp.
Repeat from * around, join and fasten off. =ROW 6=—Join to center
4-ch lp on one lp, (ch 12, sc in center of next lp) 24 times. Repeat
Row 5. =ROW 8=—Repeat Row 6 but make 13-ch lps and make 6-ch and a
dtr for final lp. =ROW 9=—Ch 5, dc ⅓d down dtr, ch 2, (dc in center
of remaining part of dtr and dc in 3d st on next lp) worked off tog.
into a Cluster, * ch 2, dc in next 2d ch st. Ch 2, turn, sk last dc
and Cluster, dc in next dc, ch 2, dc in 3d st of end 5-ch, ** ch 2,
sc in wrong side of center petal of one Border Daisy. Ch 2, turn, sk
last dc, dc in next dc, ch 2, dc in next dc, ch 2, sl st in next 2d
st of large lp, ch 5, dc in next 2d st, ch 2, (dc in next 2nd st and
dc in 3d st on next lp) made into a Cluster. Repeat from * to **. Ch
7, sc in wrong side of p on next petal on same Daisy, ch 4, turn, sk
last 4 sts of 7-ch, sl st in 1 lp of next st, ch 9, sl st in joining
of Daisies, ch 9, sl st back in same st of 7-ch, ch 4, sl st in 1st
petal on next Daisy, ch 4, sl st back in same st of 7-ch, (ch 2, dc
in next dc) twice, ch 2, sl st in next 2d st of large lp, ch 5, dc in
next 2d st, ch 2, (dc in next 2d st and dc in 3d st of next lp) made
into a Cluster. Continue around in same way, repeating from *. Fasten
off.

Make 5 Doilies for Centerpiece and 4 Place Mats.

=GLASS DOILIES=—(Size—5¾” x 7¾”)—Make 4 Daisies as for Border with 2
flowers in each color. Join 2 Coral Pink Daisies by 2 petals on each.
Join a Turquoise Daisy on each side by 4 petals (as in illustration).
Make 4 Doilies.

Stretch and pin Doilies right-side-down in true shape. Steam and
press dry thru a cloth.




NO. 11 _Daisy Bed Jacket_

[Illustration: Daisy Bed Jacket]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Baby Yarn (1 oz. balls):—14-balls Pink. Lily
Pearl Cotton, size 5 (50-yd. balls):—6-balls White. Crochet hooks
sizes 3 and 5. CRAZY DAISY WINDER. 2-yds. White ribbon 1” wide.

=DAISY=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C, wind Pink
yarn 4 times around each spoke of Winder. Cut 1” long. Weave center
with White Pearl Cotton as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with
4 lps in each petal. Make 308 Daisies. For a lighter-weight Jacket,
wind only twice around each spoke and deduct 2 balls Pink wool.

[Illustration: Front

Sleeve]

=BLOCK=—In Pink yarn and size 3 hook, make 1 sc thru all 4 lps of one
petal, * ch 3, sc in next petal, ch 3, (dc, ch 3, dc) in next petal,
** ch 5, (dc, ch 3, dc) in same petal, ch 3, sc in next petal. Repeat
from * 3 times. Cut 6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on
back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to **. Ch 2, sl st in 1 lp of center st of a corner
5-ch lp on 1st Block, ch 2, dc back in same petal on 2d Block, ch 1,
sl st in next 3-ch lp on 1st Block, ch 1, dc back in same petal on
2d Block, (ch 1, sl st in next 3-ch lp on 1st Block, ch 1, sc back
in next petal on 2d Block) twice, ch 1, sl st in next 3-ch lp on 1st
Block, ch 1, dc back in next (corner) petal on 2d Block, ch 1, sl
st in next 3-ch lp on 1st Block, ch 1, dc back in same petal on 2d
Block, ch 2, sl st in 1 lp of next (corner) 5-ch lp on 1st Block, ch
2, (dc, ch 3, dc) back in same petal on 2d Block and complete row as
for 1st Block. Continue to make and join 304 Blocks as in Chart. Join
[Illustration: x in box]-Blocks underarm on Fronts and Back. Join
[Illustration: circle in brackets]-Blocks to form Sleeves.

=NECK=—(In Pink wool)—Sc in 1st 3-ch sp on [Illustration: dot
in brackets]-Block above the corner-shell-joining of it to
[Illustration: square box]-Blocks on Left Yoke, * ch 3, dc between
next 2 dc on corner shell, tr in next 2-ch sp, tr in corresponding
sp on next Block, dc in next 3-ch sp, ch 3, sc in next sp, ch 2, dc
in next sp, ch 2, turn, (tr, ch 2, tr) between 2 center tr, ch 2, dc
in starting sc, ch 2, sc in next 3-ch lp, ch 2, dc in next lp, ch 2,
turn, dc in next dc, (ch 2, dc in next tr) twice, ch 2, dc in next
dc, ch 2, dc at base of same dc in same sp on Block, ch 2, sc in next
sp. * Ch 2, dc in next (1st) sp of corner shell, turn, (ch 2, dc in
next dc) 5 times, ch 2, tr in next dc, ch 2, tr at base of same dc in
same sp on Block, (ch 2, tr in next sp) twice, ch 2, tr in 1st sp on
next Block, (ch 2, dc in next sp) twice, ch 3, sc in next sp. Ch 2,
dc in next sp, turn, (ch 2, dc in next dc) twice, (ch 2, dc in next
tr) 5 times, (ch 2, dc in next dc) 6 times, ch 2, sc in corner of
Block. Fasten off. With work wrong-side-up, repeat on other side of
Front. To fill in angle between shaded Blocks, make sc in 1st 3-ch sp
above corner-shell-joining of Blocks and work like “Neck” from * to
*. Fasten off. Repeat on other side.

=YOKE EDGE=—(in Pink wool)—Starting across 4 [Illustration: square
box]-Blocks on Right Yoke, make 3 sc in each of 1st 6 sps, * (2 sc
in next sp) twice, (3 sc in next sp) 5 times. Repeat from * twice
out to front corner, 5 sc in corner sp, (3 sc in next sp) 5 times,
(ch 1, 2 sc in next sp) repeated around neck and complete row around
Left Yoke the same as Right Yoke. Fasten off. =ROW 2=—In White Pearl
Cotton and size 5 hook, sc in 1st sc of last row, ch 3, * (dc, ch 2,
dc) in back lp of next 4th sc, ch 4, sl st in last dc for a p, ch
2, dc in same sc, sk next 3 sc, dc in both lps of next 3 sc. Repeat
from * across to front corner. Fasten off. Repeat across Left Yoke.
Gather top edge of 7 [Illustration: square box]-Blocks on each Front
and sew under Yoke edge. This leaves an opening under each arm. Join
2 Blocks in each opening:—Sc in 1 petal of a Daisy, (ch 3, sc in next
petal) twice, ch 1 and holding work with Sleeve turned up and skirt
of Jacket turned down, make sl st in center lp at top of Block 1 on
Chart, ch 1, sc back in next petal on Daisy, ch 1, sc in next lp on
Block 1, ch 1, dc back in next petal. Now continue joining in pattern
around opening thru 3d corner shell, ch 1, sl st in next lp on No.
2-Block on Chart, ch 1, sc back in next petal; ch 1, sl st in next
(center) lp on No. 2-Block, ch 1, sl st back in 1st sc and fasten
off. Join 2d Fill-in Daisy in other half of opening in same way,
joining it also to 2 free lps on 1st Fill-in Daisy. Repeat in opening
under other sleeve.

Starting at Left Yoke, work sc in Pink wool down front, around bottom
and up right front to Yoke, putting 2 sc in 1st and last sps and 3 sc
in other 5 sps on each Block. =ROW 2=—Join White at top corner of end
[Illustration: square box]-Block on Left Front and repeat Row 2 of
Yoke Edge on both Fronts and around bottom.

=COLLAR FRILL=—Join Pink wool at end of Edge on right Front and
working around neck, make * (4-ch, sc in back lp of next 4th sc)
repeated around * to Edge on Left Front, making 2-ch and dc in place
of final 4-ch lp. =ROW 2=—Ch 3, turn, 3 dc in next 4-ch lp, (ch 1,
3 dc in next lp) repeated around to 2d lp from end, 1 dc in end lp.
=ROW 3=—Turn, (ch 4, sc in next 1-ch sp between dc-groups) repeated
around, ch 1, sk end dc-group, dc in end 3-ch. Repeat Rows 2 and 3
twice and Row 2 again. Fasten off. =ROW 9=—Turn and join to start of
Row 1, ch 3, dc in end of Row 2, ** (ch 2, dc in end of next row) 5
times, ch 2, (dc, ch 2, dc) in next sp, * (ch 2 dc) twice in next
1-ch sp between dc-groups. Repeat from * around, completing row
across ends of previous rows as at start of row. Fasten off. =ROW
10=—Turn and join White at end of last row, * (ch 5, sc in next sp)
repeated around. Fasten off. =ROW 11=—Join Pink wool to 1st lp in
last row, (ch 6, sc in next lp) repeated around and fasten off. =ROW
12=—Join White to same 1st lp in last White row, (ch 6, sc in next
Pink lp) repeated around to end White lp. Repeat Rows 11 and 12. =ROW
15=—Join Pink wool to 1st White lp in last row, draw out lp on hook
to 1” length, yarn over and pull thru lp, insert hook between single
back strand and 2 front strands of long lp, yarn over and pull thru,
yarn over and pull thru 2 lps on hook, completing a Knot St. Make
another Knot St, sc in next White lp, (2 Knot sts, sc in next lp)
repeated around and fasten off. =ROW 16=—Join White to start of last
row, ch 8, sc in center of 1st Knot St, (ch 6, sl st in 1 lp of 4th
ch st from hook, ch 3, sc in center of next Knot St) repeated around.
Ch 8, sc down in end White lp and fasten off.

=SLEEVE FRILL=—Make an inverted box pleat at bottom of each sleeve
(see Chart). Join Pink wool at pleat and make sc around sleeve the
same as around bottom of Jacket. Repeat Row 1 of Collar from * to
*. Repeat Rows 2, 3 and 2. Turn,* (ch 2, dc) twice in next 1-ch sp.
Repeat from * around, ch 3, sc in end 3-ch. Fasten off. Turn, join
White at pleat and repeat last 7 rows of Collar beginning at * in Row
10. Repeat Frill on other sleeve.

Block Jacket to desired size. Fasten Yoke with a dress snap. Tack an
18” piece of ribbon at base of collar on each side. Turn Sleeve Frill
up at pleat and tack a ribbon bow on pleat.




No. 12

_Daisy Bedroom Slippers_

“HEARTHSIDE”


[Illustration: Daisy Bedroom Slippers]

=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Knitting Worsted (4-fold Germantown) in 4-oz.
skeins:—1-sk. each Red and White. Crochet hook size 0. CRAZY DAISY
WINDER. 2-prs. cork or rubber insoles in men’s size.

=SOLE=—Measure length of foot plus ¼“. With Red make a chain 2½”
shorter than measurement, 2 sc in 2d st from hook, sc in each st to
center of ch, hdc in next 4 sts, dc in each st to 4th st from end,
hdc in 2 sts, 5 sc in end st. On other side of ch, hdc in 2 sts, dc
in each st opposite dc on other side, hdc in 4 sts, sc in each st to
end. In both lps, make 3 sc in 1st sc, 2 sc in next and continue with
5 rows of sc around. Increase 3 times around toe in each row, with
2 sc between increases. (To increase, make 2 sc in 1 sc). Increase
3 times around heel in each row, with 1 sc between increases. =Row
7=—(2 sc in next st, sc in 2 sc) 3 times. Make sc to center of side,
then work hdc around to same place on other side, making 7 increases
around toe with 2 hdc between increases. Make sc to center-end of
heel with 2 increases on heel. =ROW 8=—1 sl st in each st around. Cut
6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=HEEL LIFT=—In Red, ch 12, sk last st, 10 sc on ch, 3 sc in end st,
10 sc on other side of ch. Ch 3, turn, dc in last 9 sc, (3 dc in next
sc) 5 times, dc in next 9 dc. Ch 3, turn, dc in last 10 dc, (2 dc in
next dc, 1 dc in next) 7 times, dc in 9 dc. Ch 1, turn, sc in last
13 dc, (2 sc in next st, sc in 2 sts) 5 times, sc in 12 sc. Fasten
off. Make a 2d piece. Lay back-to-back and sew tog. going thru only 1
lp of each st. With Sole wrong-side-up, lay Lift on top of heel and
sew tog. thru 1 lp of each st on edge of each. Lay 1 pair of inner
soles with cork or rubber sides tog. cut ⅜” smaller than Sole and
sew tog. Lay on top of Sole and Lifts. Make a 2d Sole in White, lay
right-side-up on top and sew to edge of 1st Sole and Lift thru 1 lp
of each st. Steam and press dry thru a cloth.

=VAMP=—=DAISY=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C,
wind Red yarn twice around each spoke. Cut 1” long. Weave center
with White as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 2 lps in each
petal. Make 6 Daisies. In Red, make 1 sc thru both lps of one petal,
(ch 3, sc in next petal) 11 times, ch 3, sl st in 1st sc. Cut 6”
long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back. Sc in one petal of
a 2d Daisy, sl st in 1 sc on 1st Daisy, ch 3, sc back in next petal,
sl st in next sc on 1st Daisy, (ch 3, sc in next petal) 10 times, ch
3, sl st in 1st sc and fasten off. Join a 3d Daisy between 1st two,
joining in same way to 2 petals on each of 1st 2 Daisies. Then join
3 Daisies in same way to each other and to last 2 Daisies. =Edge=—Sk
the 1st 3-ch sp on 1st (toe) Daisy and make 3 sc in Red in each of
next 7 sps, * 1 dc and 1 tr in next sp, (1 tr in same sp, 1 dtr down
in joining of Daisies, 1 tr in 1st sp on next Daisy) holding back the
last lp of each on hook, yarn over and pull thru all 4 lps at once
for a Cluster, 1 tr and 1 dc in same sp, (3 sc in next sp) 3 times.
* Repeat from * to * once. ** (1 hdc, 1 dc, 3 tr, 1 dc and 1 hdc)
all in next sp, (3 sc in next sp) 3 times. Repeat from * to * twice.
Repeat from ** to end of row. =ROW 2=—1 sc in each st around, with 3
sc in center tr at each back corner. Fasten off.

=HEEL=—Make 4 Daisies and join into a straight row by 3 petals on
each side. For a smaller size make only 3 Daisies around Heel and
adjust Edge accordingly. Working around one end Daisy, sk 1st 3-ch
sp, (4 sc in Red in next sp) 5 times, (1 hdc, 1 dc, 3 tr, 1 dc and
1 hdc) all in next sp, * (3 sc in next sp) twice, 1 hdc and 2 dc in
next sp, tr in joining of Daisies, 2 dc and 1 hdc in next sp. Repeat
from * twice, (3 sc in next sp) twice, (1 hdc, 1 dc, 3 tr, 1 dc and 1
hdc) all in next sp, (4 sc in next sp) 5 times, ** 1 hdc and 1 dc in
next sp, 1 tr in joining of Daisies, (1 dc and 1 hdc) in next sp, (3
sc in next sp) twice. Repeat from ** across top, join and fasten off.

Steam and press each piece dry thru a cloth, being careful to leave
toe Daisy cupped. Sew to top Sole thru 1 lp of each st. Around toe,
sew 1 st on Sole to 2 sc on Vamp to gather toe slightly. Lap Vamp
over ends of Heel and tack. Work around top of Heel in White with (ch
1, sc in next 2d st) repeated. With 2 strands of Red, tie across Vamp
at base of top-center Daisy to fit foot. =Pom Pon=—Wind White yarn 6
times around each spoke on Winder, cut 18” long and weave center. Cut
all 6 lps in each petal and rub in hands to fluff. Sew over tie on
Vamp.

=Fluff Fringe=—Wind 2 strands White 15 times around a ½” card. Cut at
one edge. With a long strand and needle, take a st thru top edge of
Vamp, pulling end down to 2½”. Take a 2d st in next sc, leaving a lp
between. Slip 30-strand tuft thru lp, pull tie strand down tight and
tie in a hard, double knot around center of tuft. Cut ends even with
tuft. Repeat in each 3d and 4th sc around top edge. Rub with hands to
fluff.

Make a 2d Slipper.




No. 13

_Young Timer Set_

[Illustration: Young Timer Set]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Knitting Worsted (4-fold Germantown) in 4-oz.
skeins:—1 sk. in color; Jack Frost Baby Yarn:—4 balls White. CRAZY
DAISY WINDER. Crochet hook size 3. 7-small pearl buttons. Size—4 to 6
years.

=DAISY=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C, wind
colored yarn once around each spoke of Winder. Cut 1” long. Then wind
once more around each spoke with White Baby Yarn, cut about 14” long
and weave center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with one
colored lp (on front) and one white lp (on back) in each petal. Make
128-Daisies for Sweater and 16 for Cap.

=BLOCK=—In White Baby Yarn, sc thru both lps of one petal, * ch 4,
sc in next petal, ch 4, 3 dc in next petal, ** ch 6, sl st thru 1 lp
of 6th ch st from hook for a p, 3 dc in same petal, ch 4, sc in next
petal. Repeat from * 3 times, ending with a sl st in 1st sc. Cut 6”
long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to **. Ch 3, sl st thru 1 lp of the center st of a
corner p on 1st Block, * ch 2, sk last 2 sts of 3-ch, sl st back in
1 lp of next ch st, 3 dc in same petal, (ch 2, sl st in next 4-ch lp
on 1st Block, ch 2, sc back in next petal) twice, ch 2, sl st in next
4-ch lp on 1st Block, ch 2, 3 dc back in next petal. * ch 3, sl st in
1 lp of center st of next corner p on 1st Block, ch 2, sk last 2 sts
of 3-ch, sl st back in next ch st, 3 dc in same petal and complete
Block as for 1st one. Continue to join Blocks in same way.

=SWEATER=—Make and join 128-Daisies as in Chart. Join [Illustration:
circle in brackets]-Blocks on sides of Fronts and Back under arms.
Join [Illustration: x in box]-Blocks to close Sleeves. Leave
center-front open.

=HALF-BLOCK B ON CHART=—Wind color once around 7 spokes and cut 1”
long. Wind White Baby Yarn once around the same 7 spokes, cut 12”
long and thread to a needle. Holding center of strands in center of
Winder, weave center, going under 3 petals and back over 2 each time.
Make 9 sts and fasten off to form a 7-petal flower. Join between
shaded Blocks at front of neck:—Sc in Baby Yarn in 1st petal, ch 6,
sl st in corner of one shaded Block and repeat from * to * in 2d
Block. Ch 3, sl st in joining of 2 shaded Blocks and repeat from * to
* to join to other shaded Block. Ch 3, sl st in corner p, ch 2, sk
last 2 sts of 3-ch, sl st in next st, ch 3, sl st in same petal and
fasten off. Make a 2d Half-Block and join to other front.

=EDGE=—Join Baby Yarn to bottom corner p of Right Front, * ch 3, sc
in next 2d dc, (ch 3, sc in next 4-ch lp) 3 times, ch 3, sc in next
2d dc, ch 3, sc between corner ps. * Repeat from * to * across the 4
blocks up front. Ch 3, sc in side of next dc-block, (ch 3, sc in side
of petal of Half-Daisy) twice, ch 3, sc in Daisy center, (ch 3, sc in
side of next petal) twice, ch 3, dc in side of dc-block, ** ch 3, (tr
in side of next p, tr between ps, tr in side of next p) holding back
the last lp of each tr, yarn over and pull thru all 4 lps on hook at
once for a Cluster, ch 3, dc in next 2d dc, (ch 3, sc in next 4-ch
lp) 3 times,** ch 3, dc in next 2d dc. Repeat from ** to **. Ch 3, sc
in next 2d dc, ch 3, sc in joining of Blocks, ch 3, sc in next 2d dc,
(ch 3, sc in next 4-ch lp) 3 times, ch 3, dc in next 2d dc. Repeat
from ** to **. Ch 3, dc in next 2d dc, ch 3, (tr in side of next p,
tr between ps, tr in side of next p) made into a Cluster, ch 3, dc in
side of next dc-block, (ch 3, sc) twice in side of next petal, ch 3,
sc in center of Daisy, (ch 3, sc) twice in side of next petal, ch 3,
sc in side of dc-block, ch 3, sc in joining of Blocks. Repeat from *
to * across 4 Blocks down to bottom corner. Repeat from * to * around
bottom edge, except make 2-chs instead of 3-chs. =ROW 2=—Ch 3, 3 dc
in each 3-ch sp up Front, around neck and down other Front, ch 1, dc
in corner sc. =ROW 3=—Ch 3, turn, 1 dc in 1-ch sp, * (3 dc between
next two 3-dc-groups) repeated around last row. * End with ch 1, 2 dc
in end 3-ch. =ROW 4=—Ch 3, turn, 3 dc in 1-ch sp. Repeat from * to *
in last row. End with 1 dc in end 3-ch. =Ribbing=—Ch 16, sc in 2d ch
st from hook, (ch 1, sc in next 2d ch st) 7 times, sl st in side of
last dc, ch 1, turn, sk sl st, sc in back lp of last sc, (ch 1, sc
in back lp of next sc) 7 times. * Ch 1, turn, sc in back lp of last
sc, (ch 1, sc in back lp of next sc) 7 times, sl st in next sp around
bottom edge. Repeat from * around bottom to other front corner.
Fasten off.

=CUFF=—join Baby Yarn to joining of 2 Blocks on bottom of a Sleeve
and repeat from * to * of Row 1 of Edge 6 times around Sleeve, except
make 2-chs instead of 3-chs. =Ribbing=—Ch 10, sc in 2d st, (ch 1, sc
in next 2d ch st) 4 times, sl st in next 2-ch sp. * Ch 1, turn, sc in
back lp of last sc, (ch 1, sc in next sc) 4 times. Ch 1, turn, sc in
back lp of last sc, (ch 1, sc in next sc) 4 times, sl st in next 2-ch
sp. Repeat from * around Sleeve. Fasten off and sew 1st and last rows
tog.

Sew 7 buttons on Left Front on middle row of Edge and button thru
corresponding sps on Right Front. Block Sweater to desired size.

[Illustration:

  Center
  Back

  Sleeve

  B

  Half of
  Child’s Sweater

  Center
  Front

  Cap

=CAP=—Make and join 16 Blocks as in Chart, joining [Illustration: x
in box]-Blocks on ends of band. With Blocks matching, sew two sides
tog. across top edge. Tack each top corner down ¼” from bottom edge.
=Bottom Edge=—Join Baby Yarn to joining of 2 Blocks and repeat from *
to * in Row 1 of Edge 8 times. =ROW 2=—Sl st in next 3-ch sp, ch 3,
2 dc in same sp, (3 dc in next sp) repeated around, * sl st in 1st
3-ch, sl st in next 2 dc, sl st between dc-groups. =ROW 3=—Ch 3, 2
dc in same sp, (3 dc in next sp between dc-groups) repeated around.
Repeat from * in Row 2 for 4th Row, join and fasten off.

=POM PON DAISY=—* Wind once around each spoke with colored yarn. Drop
but do not cut. Wind once around each spoke with White Baby Yarn and
drop but do not cut. Repeat from * twice. Cut colored yarn 1” long.
Cut Baby Yarn 16” long and weave center with it, making a 12-petal
flower with 3 colored lps and 3 white lps alternated in each petal.
Cut each lp in all petals and rub in hands to fluff into a pom pon.
Make 6 and starting at turned-down points, tack across top of Cap.




No. 14

_Baby Set_ “SO YOUNG”

[Illustration: Young baby]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Baby Yarn (1 oz. balls):—2-balls White and
4-balls Lt. Blue or Pink. CRAZY DAISY WINDER. Crochet hook size 3.
3-yds. ¼″ ribbon and 30″ narrow baby ribbon. Size—2 to 9 months.

=BONNET=—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C,
wind colored yarn once around each spoke of winder. Cut 14″ long.
Then wind once more around each spoke with white yarn and cut 1″
long. Thread 14″ end of colored yarn to a needle and weave center as
in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with one colored lp (on front)
and one White lp (on back) in each petal. Make 13 Daisies for Bonnet,
99 for Jacket and 8 for Bootees.

=BLOCK=—In colored yarn, sc thru both lps of one petal, * (ch 5, sc
in next petal) 3 times, ch 7, sl st in last sc for a corner p. Repeat
from * around. End with a sl st in 1st sc, ch 7, sl st in same st,
cut 6″ long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to 1st corner. In place of 7-ch p, ch 3, sl st thru
1 lp of the center st of a corner p on 1st Block, ch 3, a sl st back
in last sc to complete joining p, (ch 2, sl st in next 5-ch lp on 1st
Block, ch 2, sc back in next petal) 3 times, ch 3, sl st thru 1 lp
of the center st of next corner p on 1st Block, ch 3, a sl st back
in last sc to complete joining p and complete Block as for 1st one.
Continue to join Blocks in same way. Join 12 Blocks (2 x 6 rows) into
a straight Band (see Chart).

=Back Circle=—Sc in colored yarn in 1 petal of a Daisy, (ch 5, sc
in next petal) 11 times, ch 5, sl st in 1st sc. =ROW 2=—Ch 3, (5 dc
in next lp, 1 dc in sc) repeated around, sl st in 1st 3-ch. =ROW
3=—(Ch 5, sc in next 2d dc) 36 times. Sl st to center of 1st lp. =ROW
4=—Join to one long side of Band in this row:—(Ch 5, sc in next lp) 3
times, ch 2, sl st in corner p on Band, ch 2, sc back in next lp on
Circle, * (ch 2, sl st in next lp on Band, ch 2, sc back in next lp
on Circle) 3 times, (ch 2, sl st in side of next corner p on Band, ch
2, sc back in next lp on Circle) twice. Repeat from * around to other
corner of Band. (Ch 5, sc in next lp on Circle) 3 times. Sl st to
center of next lp.

=Edge=—Ch 6, tr in next lp, ch 1, tr in next lp, ch 1, dtr in next
half-lp, ch 1, dtr in side of next corner p, ch 1, dc in next lp
across end of Band, ch 2, sc in next lp, ch 6, sc in next lp, * ch 6,
sc in joining of Blocks, (ch 6, sc in next lp) 3 times, * ch 6, sc in
corner p, (ch 6, sc in next lp) 3 times. Repeat from * to * across
Band and around to center of end of Band. (Ch 6, sc in next lp)
twice, ch 2, dc in next lp, ch 1, dtr in side of next p, ch 1, dtr in
next half-lp, (ch 1, tr in next lp) 3 times, ch 1, sl st in 5th st of
1st 6-ch, sc in next 1-ch sp. =ROW 2=—(Ch 6, sk 2 tr, sc in next 1-ch
sp) twice, (ch 6, sc in next 6-ch lp) 6 times, ch 6, dc in corner sc,
(ch 6, sc in next lp) repeated across, ch 6, dc in corner sc, (ch 6,
sc in next lp) 6 times, ch 6, sk next dc, sc in next 1-ch sp, (ch 6,
sk 2 tr, sc in next 1-ch sp) 3 times. Fasten off.

=Trim=—In colored yarn, ch 8, tr in starting st, (ch 8, tr in
starting st of this 8-ch) 24 times. Ch 5, turn, (2 dc, ch 3, 2 dc)
in each 7-ch lp across. Ch 5, sl st in starting st. Fasten off. Sc
back in 1st 5-ch in last row, * ch 5, sl st thru 1 lp of 4th ch st
from hook for a p, (ch 4, a p) twice, ch 1, sc in center of next
shell. Repeat from * across to 5-ch at other end. Lay base of this
Trim around front edge of Bonnet, exactly matching lps. Ch 7, 2 dtr
thru 1st lp on both pieces, (ch 2, 2 dtr thru next lp on both pieces)
repeated to other end, ch 7, sc in corner, (ch 2, 2 sc in next lp) 19
times around neck, ch 2, 7 sc in next 7-ch lp, (sc in 2 dtr, 2 sc, ch
5, sl st in last sc for a p, and 1 sc,—all in next 2-ch sp) repeated
across to corner, 7 sc in end 7-ch, sc in sc, (2 sc in next 2-ch, sc
in 2 sc) repeated around neck. Fasten off. Block to desired size. Run
1-yd. of ribbon thru beading around front.

=JACKET=—=Yoke=—Sc in colored yarn in 1 petal of a Daisy, * (ch 5, sc
in next petal) 11 times, ch 5, sl st in 1st sc and fasten off. =2d
DAISY=—Repeat to *. (Ch 5, sc in next petal) 10 times, ** ch 2, sl
st in 1 lp on 1st Daisy, ch 2, sc back in next petal, ch 2, sl st in
next lp on 1st Daisy, ch 2, sl st back in 1st sc and fasten off. =3d
DAISY=—Repeat last Daisy to **. Ch 2. Counting from joining of last 2
Daisies, leave 3 lps free on last Daisy, then make sl st in next lp,
ch 2, sc back in next petal, ch 2, sl st in next lp on other Daisy,
ch 2, sl st back in 1st sc and fasten off. Join 6 more Daisies as for
3d Daisy, making a curved row, with 3 free lps on top of each Daisy
between joinings and 5 around the bottom of each. =Edge=—In colored
yarn make (2 dc, ch 3, 2 dc) in each 5-ch lp all around Yoke. Join
and fasten off.

[Illustration:

  Half of
  Jacket

  Center
  Back

  Band

  Sleeve

  Bonnet

  Center
  Front

To join shaded Blocks (see Chart) to Yoke, start with 1st Block on
Right Front:—** Sc in colored yarn in 1 petal of a Daisy, * (ch 5,
sc in next petal) 3 times, ch 7, sl st in last sc. ** Repeat from
* once. (Ch 5, sc in next petal) twice, ch 8, sc in next petal, ch
5, sl st in 4th shell around bottom of Daisy at right end of Yoke
(counting from joining of 1st 2 Daisies in Yoke), ch 1, sc back thru
all 4 lps of next 2 petals, ch 1, sl st in same shell on Yoke, ch 5,
sl st back in 1st sc, ch 3, sl st in next shell on Yoke, ch 3, sl st
back in same sc and fasten off. =2d BLOCK=—Repeat 1st Block from **
to **. (Ch 5, sc in next petal) 3 times, ch 3, sl st in lower corner
p of last Block, ch 3, sl st back in last sc, (ch 2, sl st in next lp
up side of last Block, ch 2, sc back in next petal) 3 times, * ch 3,
sl st in same shell on Yoke where last Block was joined, ch 3, sl st
back in last sc, ** ch 5, sl st in next shell on Yoke, ch 1, sc back
thru all 4 lps of next 2 petals, ch 1, sl st in same shell on Yoke,
ch 5, sc back in 1st sc, ** ch 5, sl st in next shell on Yoke, ch 5,
sl st back in same sc and fasten off. =3d BLOCK=—Repeat 2d Block to
*. Ch 5, sl st in 1st shell on next Daisy of Yoke, ch 5, sl st back
in last sc. Repeat 2d Block from ** to **. Ch 3, sl st in next shell
on Yoke, ch 3, sl st back in same sc and fasten off. =4th (Corner)
BLOCK=—Repeat 2d Block to 1st **. (Ch 5, sc in next petal) twice, ch
5, (sl st, ch 7, sl st) in 1st sc and fasten off. =5th BLOCK=—Repeat
2d Block. =6th BLOCK=—Repeat 3d Block. =7th BLOCK=—Repeat 2d Block.
=8th (Corner) BLOCK=—Repeat 2d Block to *. Ch 5, sl st between shells
in angle between Daisies of Yoke, ch 5, sl st back in last sc, (ch
5, sc in next petal) twice, ch 5, (sl st, ch 7, sl st) in 1st sc and
fasten off. =9th BLOCK=—Repeat 2d Block to *. Ch 4, sl st in 1st
shell on next Daisy of Yoke, ch 4, sl st back in last sc. Repeat 2d
Block from ** to **. Ch 3, sl st in next shell on Yoke, ch 3, sl st
back in same sc and fasten off. =10th BLOCK=—Repeat 2d Block. =11th
BLOCK=—Repeat 3d Block. This completes half of row. Make other half
in same way, repeating next Blocks 2, 3, 2, 8, 9, 2, 3, 4, 2 and 3.
=Final BLOCK=—Sc in 1 petal, ch 8, sc in next petal, (ch 5, sc in
next petal) twice, ch 7, sl st in last sc, (ch 5, sc in next petal) 3
times, ch 3, sl st in lower corner p of last Block, ch 3, sl st back
in last sc, (ch 2, sl st in next lp up side of last Block, ch 2, sc
back in next petal) 3 times. Repeat 2d Block from * to 2d **. Sl st
to 3d st of next 8-ch lp, ch 2, turn, dtr in same shell where Block
was joined, ch 5, dc in next shell, ch 5, sc in next shell. Fasten
off. Join colored yarn to 8-ch corner lp A on Chart, ch 2, dtr down
in same shell on Yoke where 1st Block was joined, ch 5, dc in next
shell, ch 5, sc in next shell and fasten off.

Make and join 34 more Blocks (see Chart), following directions for
2d Block of Bonnet. Leave center front open. Join [Illustration:
x in box]-Blocks to close Sleeves. Join [Illustration: circle in
brackets]-Blocks on sides of Fronts and Back under arms.

=Edge=—Join colored yarn to corner p at bottom of Right Front, ch 3,
(1 dc, ch 3, 2 dc) in same p, * (2 dc, ch 3, 2 dc) in each of next 3
lps up Front, sc in joining of Blocks. Repeat from * twice. (A shell
in next lp) 3 times, sc in next dtr, (a shell in next lp) twice,
(2 dc, ch 3, 2 dc, ch 3, 2 dc) in next (corner) shell, (a shell in
next shell) twice, (ch 2, tr in next 2 shells, ch 2, a shell in next
shell) 8 times around neck, a shell in next shell, make corner and
work down front as on other side. Make a shell in corner p, (a shell
in each of next 3 lps, sc in joining of Blocks) repeated around
bottom and join. Sl st to center of 1st shell. =ROW 2=—* Ch 5, sl st
thru 1 lp of 4th ch st from hook for a p, (ch 4, a p) twice, ch 1, sc
in next shell. Repeat from * up to 1st shell at neck corner, a p-lp,
tr in next shell, (ch 5, p, ch 4, p, ch 1, tr in next shell) twice,
(a 2-p lp, tr between next 2 tr, a 2-p lp, tr in next shell) 8 times,
(a 2-p lp, tr in next shell) twice, (a 3-p lp, sc in next shell)
repeated down front and around bottom. Join and fasten off.

Cuff—Sc in joining of 2 Blocks, (a shell in each of next 3 lps, sc in
joining of Blocks) repeated around. Sl st to center of 1st shell. Ch
5 for a tr, (a 3-p lp, tr in next shell) repeated around and join.
Fasten off. Repeat on other Sleeve.

Block Jacket to desired size. Run ribbon thru beading row around neck
and sleeves.

=BOOTEES=—=Sole=—In colored yarn, ch 22, 3 hdc in 4th st, 9 hdc and 8
sc on ch, 3 sc in end st. On other side of ch make 8 sc and 9 hdc, 3
hdc in next st, sl st in 3-ch. =ROW 2=—Ch 3, 2 dc in same st, 3 dc in
next st, (2 dc in next) twice, dc in 16 sts, 2 dc in next st, (3 dc
in next st) 3 times, 2 dc in next st, dc in 16 sts, (2 dc in next st)
twice, 3 dc in next, sl st in 3-ch. =ROW 3=—Ch 3, (2 dc in next dc,
1 dc in next) 4 times, dc in 18 dc, (2 dc in next dc, 1 dc in next)
6 times, dc in 18 dc, (2 dc in next dc, 1 dc in next) twice, 2 dc in
next, sl st in 3-ch. =ROW 4=—Ch 1, (2 sc in next dc, 1 sc in next) 6
times, sc in 20 dc, (2 sc in next dc, 1 sc in next) 8 times, sc in 20
dc, (2 sc in next dc, 1 sc in next) 3 times and join. =ROW 5=—Ch 1,
turn, 1 sc in 1 lp of each sc around. =ROW 6=—1 sc thru both lps of
each sc around. Fasten off.

=TOP=—Join 3 Blocks (as for Bonnet) into a straight band. =4th
BLOCK=—Sc in 1 petal, (ch 5, sc in next petal) 7 times, ch 3, sl st
in p at bottom corner of band, ch 3, sl st back in last sc, (ch 2,
sl st in next 5-ch lp up end of band, ch 2, sc back in next petal)
twice, ch 5, sc in next petal, ch 2, sl st in center lp on other end
of band, ch 2, sc back in next petal, ch 2, sl st in next lp on band,
ch 2, sl st back in 1st sc, ch 3, sl st in corner p on bottom of
band, ch 3, sl st back in same sc. (5 sc in next lp) 7 times around
4th Block (toe). * 2 sc in next p, 1 sc between ps, 2 sc in next p,
** (4 sc in next lp) 3 times. Repeat from * twice and from * to **.
Join and fasten off. Sew to Sole going thru only 1 lp of each st.

=Top Edge=—Sc in single free lp at top of toe Daisy, ch 3, dc in next
5-ch lp on next Daisy, ch 3, sc in corner p, ch 5, tr in same p, *
(ch 2, 2 tr in next lp) 3 times, ch 2, ** 2 tr between next 2 ps.
Repeat from * once and from * to **, 1 tr in next p, ch 5, sc in same
p, ch 3, dc in next lp, ch 3, sl st in starting sc. =ROW 2=—(3 sc in
next sp) twice, 5 sc in next lp, 1 sc in tr, * (2 sc, ch 5, sl st in
last sc for a p and 1 sc) all in next sp, sc in 2 tr. Repeat from *
around top. 1 sc in end tr, 5 sc in next lp, (3 sc in next sp) twice,
join and fasten off. Run narrow ribbon thru top beading row. Make a
2d Bootee.




No. 15

_Best Bib’n Tucker_

BABY SET

[Illustration: Bib’n Tucker]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Baby Yarn (1-oz. balls) in Lt. Blue or
Pink:—2-balls for Cap and Cape, 3-balls for Carriage Robe; Lily
Pearl Cotton size 5 (50-yd. balls):—11-balls White for Cap and Cape,
15-balls for Robe. CRAZY DAISY WINDER. Crochet hook size 5. 2½-yds.
ribbon. 1—small pearl button. Size—9 months to 1½ years.

=DAISY=—Following instruction on page 2, Illustration C, wind Baby
Yarn twice around each spoke of Winder. Cut 1″ long and weave center
with White Pearl Cotton as in Illustration E, making a 12-petal
flower with 2 lps in each petal. Make 216-Daisies for Carriage Robe,
17 for Cap and 122 for Cape.

=BLOCK=—In Pearl Cotton, make 1 sc thru both lps of one petal, * ch
5, sc in next petal, ch 3, (2 dc, ch 7, 2 dc) all in next petal, ch
3, sc in next petal. Repeat from * 3 times, ending with a sl st in
1st sc. Cut 6″ long, thread to a needle and fasten securely on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to 1st corner. Instead of corner 7-ch, make 3-ch,
sl st thru 1 lp of the center st of a corner 7-ch on 1st Block, ch 3,
2 dc back in same petal, ch 1, sl st in next 3-ch lp on 1st Block, ch
1, sc back in next petal, ch 2, sl st in next 5-ch lp on 1st Block,
ch 2, sc back in next petal, ch 1, sl st in next 3-ch lp on 1st
Block, ch 1, 2 dc back in next petal, ch 3, sl st thru 1 lp of the
center st of next corner 7-ch on 1st Block, ch 3, 2 dc back in same
petal and complete Block as for 1st one. Continue to join Blocks in
same way.

=CAP=—=Circle=—Sc in Pearl Cotton thru both lps of one petal of a
Daisy, (ch 5, sc in next petal) 11 times, ch 5, sl st in 1st sc,
sc in next lp. =ROW 2=—(Ch 4, sc in same lp, ch 4, sc in next lp)
repeated around, ending with ch 2, dc in 1st sc. =ROW 3=—(Ch 5, sc
in next lp) repeated around. Fasten off. =ROW 4=—Sl st in Baby Yarn
in one lp, ch 3, 2 dc in same lp, (ch 1, 3 dc in next lp) repeated
around. Ch 1, sl st in 1st 3-ch. Fasten off. =ROW 5=—Sl st in Pearl
Cotton in a 1-ch sp, ch 3, 3 dc in same sp, (ch 1, 4 dc in next 1-ch
sp) repeated around. Ch 1, sl st in 1st 3-ch. =ROW 6=—(Ch 6, sl st
thru 1 lp of 4th ch st from hook for a p, ch 2, sc in next 1-ch sp)
repeated around. Fasten off. Make a 2d Circle.

=Center Band=—Make and join 15 Blocks (3 x 5 rows) as in Chart.
=Edge=—Working across one end, join Pearl Cotton to corner lp, ch 3,
2 dc in same lp, (ch 1, 3 dc in next lp) 13 times, ch 1, (2 dc, ch 3
and 1 sc) all in corner lp, * (ch 1, sc in next lp) repeated to next
corner, ch 1, sc in same corner lp. Repeat from * twice. Repeat Row
6 of Circle across end (Front). Fasten off. Across other end, sc in
corner 1-ch sp, (ch 3, sc in next 1-ch sp) repeated across. Fasten
off. Sew one side of Band under edge of half of one Circle. Sew other
side to other Circle. Block to desired size.

=Tie=—Cut a 27” piece of ribbon, make a 4-lp bow on one end and tack
to bottom edge of one Circle. Repeat on other side.

=CAPE=—Make and join 10 Blocks into a straight row for Yoke (see
Chart). Join Pearl Cotton to A-Corner lp, ch 7, tr in next 3-ch sp,
(ch 2, tr in next sp) repeated around top of Yoke to next corner.
Fasten off. Join to B-Corner on Chart, ch 3, 3 dc in same corner
lp, (ch 1, 4 dc in next lp) repeated around bottom of Yoke to next
corner. Fasten off.

[Illustration:

  Half of
  Skirt
  of Cape

  Sleeve

  Center
  Front

  Center
  Back

  Joining
  Piece

  Center
  Band
  of Cap

  Yoke

Make and join 110 Blocks for Skirt (see Chart), leaving center front
open. Make 2 [Illustration: x in box]-Blocks, joining to each other
and to [Illustration: circle in brackets]-Blocks on Front and Back,
leaving 5 Blocks on bottom of Sleeve section free. Repeat on other
side of Cape.

=Top Edge=—Join Pearl Cotton to top corner of Right Front, ch 2, sc
in same corner lp, * ch 2, sc in next 2d (center) sp, ch 2, sc in
corner lp of same Block, ch 2, sc in corner lp of next Block. Repeat
from * across top edge to next corner, making ch 2, (sc, ch 2, sc) in
corner lp. Fasten off. Sew this edge under bottom edge of Yoke.

=Edge=—Sc in Pearl Cotton in A-Corner of Yoke, ch 4, sc in same
corner lp, (ch 4, sc in next 2-ch sp) repeated around neck. Ch 3, 2
dc in same corner lp, (ch 1, 3 dc in next sp) repeated down front,
around bottom and up other front, putting (ch 1, 3 dc) twice in each
bottom corner. Ch 3, sl st in 1st sc. Fasten off. Join to neck corner
of Left Front and repeat Row 6 of Edge on Cap Circle on both Fronts
and around bottom, putting an extra p-lp at each bottom corner.
Repeat these last 2 rows around edge of each Sleeve and across top of
Joining Pieces under arms.

Block Cape to desired size. Run 1-yd. of ribbon thru beading around
neck. Fasten bottom corners of Yoke with a pearl button.

=CARRIAGE ROBE=—Make and join 216 Blocks (12 x 18 rows). =Edge=—Join
Pearl Cotton in one corner, ch 4, sc in same corner lp, (ch 4, sc in
next lp) repeated around, putting 3 lps in each corner. =ROW 2=—Sl st
in 1st lp, (ch 4, sc in next lp) repeated around, with an extra lp
at each corner. Fasten off. =ROW 3=—Join Baby Yarn in one corner, ch
3, (2 dc, ch 2, 3 dc) in same lp, (ch 2, 3 dc in next lp) repeated
around with (ch 2, 3 dc) twice in each corner. Join and fasten off.
=ROW 4=—Repeat last row in Pearl Cotton except make 1-chs instead of
2-chs. =ROW 5=—Repeat Row 6 of Edge on Cap Circle, making an extra
p-lp in each corner. Fasten off.

Stretch and pin Robe right-side-down on a large, padded table or
board. Steam and press dry thru a cloth.




NO. 16 _Daisy Scarf_

“ON THE SQUARE”

[Illustration: Daisy Scarf]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Fleecy Zephyr (2-fold yarn):—a 1-oz. skein
each of White and a color. Crochet hook size 3. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.
Size—30-inches square.

=DAISY=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration D, wind color
around Winder, cut 1” long and weave center with White as in Ill. E,
making 25 sts (2 rows) around. This forms a 12-petal flower with one
lp in each petal. Make 73 Daisies.

=BLOCK=—In color, sc in one petal, * (ch 7, sc in next petal) 3
times, ch 9, sl st in last sc to form a p. Repeat from * 3 times. Cut
6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat as far as 2d corner. In place of corner 9-ch p, ch
4, sl st in 1 lp of center st of a corner p on 1st Block, ch 4, sl st
back in last sc to complete joining p. * Ch 3, sl st in next 7-ch lp
on 1st Block, ch 3, sc back in next petal on 2d Block. Repeat from
* twice. Then join corner ps as at last corner, complete Block and
fasten off as before.

=CENTER=—Join 9 Blocks into a square (3 on each side).

=BORDER ROW 1=—Sc in White in p at one corner of square, * (ch 7, sc
in next lp) 3 times, ch 7, sc between ps at joining of Blocks. Repeat
from * to next corner. In corner p, make (sc, ch 9, sc). Repeat from
* around, ending with corner 9-ch lp. =ROW 2=—Sl st to center st of
next lp. Cut a card 2⅜” long. Draw out lp on hook to the length of
card, thread over and pull thru lp, * ch 7, yarn over, insert hook in
1 lp of center st of next 7-ch lp, catch yarn, pull thru and up to
length of card, (yarn over and thru 2 lps on hook) twice (a long dc
completed). Repeat from * around. At corners, make (ch 7, a long dc)
8 times in corner lp. Repeat from * around, ch 7, sc in 1st long dc
and fasten off.

=DAISY ROW=—Join a Block by one corner p to center 7-ch lp at one
corner of Scarf. Join a 2d Block to 1st Block and to the same corner
7-ch lp, and to the next 4 lps between long dc of last row. Continue
to make and join Blocks around square (24 Blocks in row). Repeat
Border Rows 1 and 2, then repeat Daisy Row (40 Daisies in row).
Repeat Border Row 1 again. =Edge=—Join White to a 9-ch corner lp, ch
9, dtr in same lp, (ch 2, dtr) 4 times in same corner lp, * dtr in 1
lp of center st of next 7-ch lp, (ch 2, dtr in same st) twice. Repeat
from * to next corner lp, (ch 2, dtr) 5 times in same lp. Repeat
from * around and join to 7th st of 1st 9-ch. Fasten off. Join color
between 1st 2 dtr at one corner, * (ch 5, sl st in 1 lp of 4th ch st
from hook for a p, ch 2, sc between next 2 dtr) 4 times around corner
shell, (ch 2, sk 2 dtr, sc in next 2-ch sp, ch 5, p, ch 2, sc in next
sp) repeated across to corner shell. Repeat from * around and fasten
off.

Stretch and pin Scarf right-side-down in a true 30-inch square. Steam
and press dry thru a cloth.




No. 17 DOILY

“_Daisy Stars_”

[Illustration: Doily tablecloth]


=MATERIALS=—Lily SKYTONE Mercerized Crochet Cotton:—2-balls Cream;
Lily Six Strand Floss:—2-sks. Orange. Crochet hook size 10. CRAZY
DAISY WINDER. Size—18½ x 19½″.

=BLOCK=—(Size—3¾“)—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2,
Illustration C, wind Cream 6 times around each spoke of Winder, cut
1” long and weave center as in Ill. E, using Orange Floss,—making a
12-petal flower with 6 lps in each petal. =Edge=—In Cream, sc thru
all 6 lps of one petal, (ch 9, sc in next petal) 11 times, ch 9, sl
st in 1st sc, ch 1, sc in next lp. =ROW 2=—*(Ch 5, sc) 3 times in
same lp, ch 2, sc in next lp. Repeat from * around. End with ch 2, sl
st in 1st sc. =ROW 3=—Ch 1, sc in next 5-ch lp, * ch 2, dc in next
lp, (ch 3, dc) 3 times in same lp, ch 2, sc in next lp, ch 1, sk 2-ch
in angle, sc in next 5-ch lp. Repeat from * around. End with ch 1, sl
st in 1st sc. Cut 6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to * in Row 3. **Ch 2, (dc, ch 3, dc) in next lp,
ch 1, sl st in a point on 1st Block, ch 1, (dc, ch 3, dc) back in
same lp on 2d Block, ch 2, sc in next lp, ch 1, sk 2-ch in angle, sc
in next 5-ch lp. Repeat from ** to join next point to next point on
1st Block. Complete 2d Block as for 1st Block.

=3d BLOCK=—Join by 2 points to the next 2 points on 1st Block and by
the next 2 points to 2 points on 2d Block. Continue to make and join
Blocks. Join 6 in a circle around 1st (center) Block. Then make a 2d
row around of 12 Blocks.

=EDGE=—Each corner Block has 6 free points around outside. With
wrong-side-up, join Cream to 6th point, ch 15, sc in 1st free point
on next Block. Ch 1, turn, 18 sc and 1 sl st in lp, ch 8, tr in next
point on corner Block. * Ch 4, turn, tr in 3d sc on added lp between
Blocks, (ch 4, tr in next 3d sc) 5 times, ch 4, sc in next point on
next Block, * ch 12, sc in next point. Ch 1, turn, (7 sc, ch 4, sl st
in last sc for a p, and 7 sc) all in 12-ch lp, (3 sc, a p and 2 sc)
in each of eight 4-ch sps. Fasten off. Turn and join to 4th point on
Block to right of same corner Block, ch 15, sc in 1st point on corner
Block. Ch 1, turn, 18 sc and 1 sl st in lp, ch 8, tr in next point.
Repeat from * to *. (Ch 12, sc in next point) 3 times. Ch 1, turn, (7
sc, p, 7 sc) in each 12-ch lp, (3 sc, a p and 2 sc) in each 4-ch sp.
Fasten off. Repeat from beginning of EDGE 6 times around Doily.

Stretch and pin right-side-down in a true circle. Steam and press dry
thru a cloth.




No. 18

_Daisy Centerpiece_

[Illustration: Daisy Centerpiece]


=MATERIALS=—DAISY Mercerized Crochet Cotton size 30 (400-yd.
balls):—2-balls White, Cream or Ecru. Crochet hook size 13. CRAZY
DAISY WINDER. Size—21”.

=LARGE MOTIF=—(Size—4¼“)—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2,
Illustration C, wind 6 times around spokes 1 and 2 of Winder, twice
around spokes 3 and 4, twice around spokes 5 and 6, 6 times around
spokes 7 and 8, twice around spokes 9 and 10 and twice around spokes
11 and 12. Cut 20” long and weave center as in Ill. E, making 37 sts
around (3 rows). =Edge=—Sc in all 6 lps of one 6-lp petal, * (ch 9,
dc in 2d ch st from sc, ch 2, sc in one lp of next petal, ch 9, dc in
2d ch st from sc, ch 2, sc in 2d lp of same petal) twice, ch 9, dc in
2d ch st from sc, ch 2, sc thru all 6 lps of next petal. Repeat from
* 3 times, ending with a sl st in 1st sc. =ROW 2=—Sl st to center st
of next lp, ch 6, dc in same st, * ch 5, (dc, ch 3, dc) in one lp of
center st of next lp. Repeat from * around. End with ch 5, sl st in
3d st of 1st 6-ch. =ROW 3=—Ch 5, (2 tr, ch 2, 1 tr, ch 2, 3 tr) all
in next 3-ch sp, * (3 tr, ch 2, 1 tr, ch 2, 3 tr) all in next 3-ch
shell. Repeat from * around. Sl st in top of 1st 5-ch. =ROW 4=—Sl st
to next 2-ch sp, ch 5, 3 tr in same sp, ** (ch 7, 4 tr in next sp, 4
tr in 1st 2-ch sp of next shell) repeated around. Sl st in 1st 5-ch.
* Cut 6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

Make 10 Motifs and join into a border circle as follows:—=2d
MOTIF=—Repeat to ** in Row 4. Ch 3, sl st in final shell on 1st
Motif, ch 3, 4 tr back in next 2-ch sp on 2d Motif, 4 tr in 1st 2-ch
sp on next shell, ch 3, sl st in next shell on 1st Motif, ch 3, 4
tr back in next 2-ch sp on 2d Motif and complete as for 1st Motif.
Join remaining 8 Motifs in same way, leaving 10 shells free between
joinings around outside of each Motif and 6 on inside of circle. Be
careful to join so that a heavy 6-lp petal in center of each Motif
points directly towards center of doily.

=SMALL MOTIF=—=Daisy=—Wind 3 times around each spoke of Winder.
Cut 16” long and weave center, making 25 sts around (2 rows).
=Edge=—Going thru all 3 lps of each petal, make 11 sc in the end of
each petal. Sl st in 1st sc. =ROW 2=—Ch 3, 3 dc in one lp of center
sc of next petal, ch 2, sl st in 3d shell from joining of 2 Large
Motifs (on inside of circle), ch 2, 3 dc back in same sc, ch 3, sc
between petals, * ch 3, 3 dc in center sc of next petal, ch 2, sl st
in next shell on Large Motif (2d shell from joining of Motifs), ch 2,
3 dc back in same sc, ch 3, sc between petals, * ch 3, 3 dc in center
sc of next petal, ch 10, sl st in next shell on Large Motif, ch 7, sl
st across in 1st shell on next Large Motif, ch 7, sk last 7 sts of
10-ch, sl st in next st, ch 2, 3 dc back in same sc on Small Motif,
ch 3, sc between petals. Repeat from * to * twice, joining to next 2
shells on Large Motif. Then ** ch 3, (3 dc, ch 5, 3 dc) all in center
st of next petal, ch 3, sc between petals. Repeat from ** 6 times.
Cut 6” long and fasten off on back. Make another Small Motif, joining
to Large Motifs in same way and by 2 petals to the last 2 petals on
1st Small Motif. Make and join 8 more Small Motifs in same way into
a circle inside the circle of Large Motifs, leaving 3 petals free on
each Small Motif around inside of circle.

=CENTER=—Repeat Large Motif to * in Row 4. =ROW 5=—Sl st to next
7-ch, ch 5, (4 tr, ch 7, 5 tr) all in same 7-ch lp, (5 tr, ch 7 and 5
tr,—all in next shell) repeated around. Sl st in 1st 5—ch. =ROW 6=—Sl
st to next 7-ch lp, ch 5, 5 tr in same lp, ch 3, sl st in center
petal on one Small Motif, * ch 3, 6 tr back in same shell on Center,
6 tr in next shell on Center, ch 9, sl st in next petal on same Small
Motif, ch 10, sl st in 1st petal on next Small Motif, ch 6, sk last
6 sts of 9-ch, sl st in next ch st, ch 2, 6 tr back in same shell on
Center, 6 tr in next shell on Center, ch 3, sl st in next petal on
same Small Motif. Repeat from * around. Fasten off.

=EDGE=—Join to 1st free shell on outside of one Large Motif, ch 6 for
a tr, * (ch 16, tr in center st of next shell) 9 times, ch 2, tr in
1st shell on next Motif. Repeat from * around. End with 2-ch, sl st
in 6th st of 1st lp. =ROW 2=—* (10 sc in half of next lp, ch 5, sl
st in last sc for a p, 10 sc in bal. of lp) 9 times, 1 sc in 2-ch in
angle. Repeat from * around. Fasten off.

Stretch and pin right-side-down in a true circle, pinning down each
lp of Edge. Steam and press dry thru a cloth.




No. 19

_Daisy Beret and Bag_

“CLIMAX TO SMARTNESS”

[Illustration: Beret and Bag]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Knitting Worsted (4-fold Germantown) in 4-oz.
Skeins:—1-sk. Harding Blue and 1½-sks. Silver Gray. Crochet hook size
0. CRAZY DAISY WINDER. Buckram and ⅖ yd. Gray felt for lining Bag.

=DAISY=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C, wind Blue
yarn twice around each spoke of Winder. Cut 1” long and weave center
with Gray as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 2 lps in each
petal. Make 31 for Beret and 30 for Bag.

=BLOCK=—In Gray, sc thru both lps of one petal, * ch 2, sc in back lp
of next petal, sc in front lp, ch 2, ** (sc, ch 3, sc) in both lps of
next petal. Repeat from * around. End with 1 sc in 1st petal, ch 3,
sl st in 1st sc. Cut 6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on
back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to *. Ch 2, sc in each lp of next petal, ch 2, sc
in both lps of next petal, ch 1, sl st in a corner p of 1st Block,
** ch 1, sc back in same petal, ch 1, sl st in next 2-ch sp on 1st
Block, ch 1, sc back in each lp of next petal, ch 1, sl st in next
2-ch sp on 1st Block, ch 1, sc back in both lps of next petal, ch
1, * sl st in corner p of 1st Block, ch 1, sc back in same petal.
Complete Block as for 1st one.

=3d BLOCK=—Repeat 1st Block to **. Sc in both lps of next petal,
ch 1, sl st in 1st corner p to left of joining of 1st 2 Blocks and
repeat 2d Block from ** to *. Sl st in joining of 1st 2 Blocks and
repeat 2d Block from ** to end.

[Illustration: Chart for Handbag

Chart for Beret.]

=BERET=—Following Chart, make and join 19 Blocks for Top. =Edge=—Sl
st in Gray in corner A on Chart, 1 hdc and 1 dc in next 2-ch sp, *
1 tr in next 2d sc, 1 tr in next 2-ch sp, dtr in corner p, dtr in
joining of Blocks, dtr in next p, tr in next 2-ch sp, tr in next 2d
sc, ** 2 tr in next sp, 2 dc in corner p, 2 tr in next sp. ***Repeat
from * to **. 1 dc and 1 hdc in next sp, sl st in corner sp. Fasten
off. Fill out remaining 5 sides in same way, but do not cut after
final side. =ROW 2=—* Continue with sc in corner p, (2 sc in next sp)
twice, sc in corner p, 1 sc in each st to next corner p. Repeat from
* around. =ROW 3=—1 sc in each sc around. Fasten off.

=Under Side=—Sc in Gray thru both lps of one petal of a Daisy, * (ch
2, 1 sc in each lp of next petal, ch 2, 2 sc thru both lps of next
petal) repeated around. End with 2-ch, 1 sc in 1st petal, sl st in
1st sc and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to *. Ch 1, sl st in a 2-ch sp on 1st Daisy, ch 1,
1 sc back in each lp of next petal, ch 1, sl st in next sp on 1st
Daisy, ch 1, 2 sc back thru both lps of next petal and complete as
for 1st Daisy. Join 10 more Daisies in same way into a circle, having
4 free petals between joinings on each Daisy on inside of circle and
6 on outside.

=Outside Edge=—Sl st in Gray in joining between Daisies, ch 7, * tr
in next 1-ch sp, 2 dc in next 2-ch sp, 2 sc in next sp, (ch 1, 2 sc
in next sp) twice, 2 dc in next sp, 1 tr in next, dtr in joining of
Daisies. Repeat from * around and join. =ROW 2=—1 sc in each st and
1-ch sp around. =ROW 3=—1 sc in each sc around. Fasten off.

=Inside Edge=—Sl st in 1st 1-ch sp on one Daisy (next joining of
Daisies), ch 6, * dc in next 2d sc, 2 dc in next sp, 2 sc in next,
2 dc in next, 1 dc in next 2d sc, tr in next 1-ch sp, tr in next
1-ch sp on next Daisy. Repeat from * around and join. =ROW 2=—(1 sc
in each st around) repeated for 5 rows. Fasten off. =ROW 7=—Sl st
in Blue in 1 sc, (ch 1, dc in next 2 sc, ch 1, sl st in next sc)
repeated around. Fasten off.

Lay Top and Under Side back-to-back and sew tog. around edge, going
thru both lps of each st. Steam and press dry thru a cloth.

=Pom Pon=—Wind Blue 6 times around each spoke of Winder, cut 18” long
and weave center. Cut all 6 lps of each petal and rub in hands to
fluff. Make 3 and sew in a group on Under Side.

=HANDBAG=—Join 30 Daisies (see Chart) as for Top of Beret.
=Edge=—Repeat Row 1 of Edge on Beret Top across short side at each
end of Bag piece. Join to corner B (see Chart) and repeat Edge to
***, then repeat from * to *** once and from * to ** once. 1 dc and 1
hdc in next sp, sl st in corner p. Fasten off. Repeat on remaining 3
long sides. Repeat Rows 2 and 3 of Edge.

=Gusset=—In Gray, ch 26, sk last st, 7 sc, 7 hdc and 10 dc on ch, 9
dc in end st, 10 dc, 7 hdc and 7 sc on other side of ch. =ROW 2=—Ch
1, turn, sc in 5 sts, hdc in 5 sts, dc in 15 sts, (2 dc in next st) 7
times, dc in 15 sts, hdc in 5 sts, sc in 5 sts. =ROW 3=—Ch 1, turn,
27 sc and 1 hdc, 5 dc in next st, 1 hdc, 4 sc and 1 hdc across end,
5 dc in next st, 1 hdc and 27 sc. Ch 1, 6 sc across end. Fasten off.
Make 2.

=Tab=—In Gray, ch 8, 7 sc on ch. (Ch 1, turn, 2 sc in last sc, 1 sc
in each sc across) 15 times.

=Edge=—Ch 1, turn, 2 sc in last sc, 1 sc in each sc across, 3 sc in
end sc and work sc around with 3 sc in each corner. 1 more sc in 1st
corner, sl st in 1st sc. Ch 1, 2 sc in same st, (make sc across with
3 sc in corner st) twice, make sc across end, 2 sc in corner, ch 10,
turn, sl st back in last corner, ch 1, turn and cover lp with sc, 1
sc in same corner, make sc to next corner, join and fasten off.

=Button=—In Blue, ch 2, 6 sc in 1st st. In back lps make (2 sc in
next sc) 6 times. (1 sc in next, 2 sc in next) 6 times, sc in 36 sc
(3 rows). (Sk 1 sc, sc in next 2 sc) 6 times. Stuff hard with cotton
and close opening with sl sts.

=Handle=—In Gray, ch 2, (3 sc, 2 hdc and 3 dc) all in 1st st. In back
lps, make 1 dc in each st around and around for 14”. End with 1 hdc
and 1 sc and close with sl sts. Fasten off. Make two.

Pin Bag, Gussets and Tab right-side-down in true shape. Steam and
press dry thru a cloth. Cut buckram slightly smaller than large
piece. Bend it sharply crosswise 1” each side of center to form
bottom of bag. Cover each side of buckram with felt, stitching tog.
around edge and on each bend at bottom. Cut 3 pieces buckram to fit
bottom, cover with felt and glue or stitch to bottom of lining. Sew
lining inside bag. Cut buckram to fit each Gusset. Bend lengthwise in
center. Cover on one side with felt and sew on back of each Gusset.
Sew a Gusset in each end of bag, going thru 1 lp of each st. Fasten
Handles at top of Gussets. Sew wide end of Tab at top of Daisies on
back of bag. Sew button on center Daisy at top of front and button
Tab over it.




No. 20

_Daisy Vestee_

“DICKEY ’DORABLE”

[Illustration: Chart for Vestee]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Baby Wool (1-oz. balls):—1-ball White. Lily
Sil-Tone Mercerized Crochet Cotton (100-yd. balls):—3-balls White.
Crochet hook size 13. 1⅓-yds. narrow ribbon. Net or cloth for back.
2-crystal buttons for Bows and 1 small pearl button. CRAZY DAISY
WINDER.

=BLOCK=—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C,
wind wool yarn twice around each spoke of Winder. Cut 14” long and
weave center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 2 lps in
each petal. Make 56. =Edge=—Sc in Sil-Tone thru both lps of one
petal, * ch 5, 2 dc in starting st of 5-ch, holding back the last lp
of each dc on hook, thread over and pull thru all 3 lps on hook at
once for a Cluster, ch 1, (sc, ch 4, sc) in next petal. Repeat from *
once. Ch 5, a Cluster in 1st st, ch 1, 1 sc in next petal, ch 8, sl
st in starting st of 8-ch, ** ch 9, (sl st, ch 7, sl st) in same st,
sc in same petal. Repeat from * around. End with sl st in 1st sc. Cut
6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to **. Ch 4, sl st in 1 lp of center st of a corner
p on 1st Block, ch 4, sl st back in same st on 2d Block, ch 3, sl st
in next p on 1st Block, ch 3, sl st back in same st on 2d Block, sc
in same petal, (ch 5, a Cluster, ch 1, sc in next petal, ch 2, sl st
in next p on 1st Block, ch 2, sc back in same petal) twice, ch 5, a
Cluster, ch 1, sc in next petal, ch 4, sl st in next p on 1st Block,
ch 3, sk last 3 sts of 4-ch, sl st back in next ch st, ch 4, sl st in
center st of next p on 1st Block, ch 4, (sl st, ch 7, sl st) back in
same st on 2d Block, sc in same petal and complete Block. Continue to
make and join Blocks as in Chart.

=NECK FILL-INS=—Join to p between 1st 2 Clusters to left of center of
neck, ch 8, a 2-dc-Cluster in 5th ch st from hook, a 2-dc-Cluster in
next p, ch 5, a 2-dc-Cluster in 1st st of 5-ch, ch 1, a 2-dc-Cluster
in next p, a Cluster in corner joining of Blocks, a Cluster in next
free p, ch 5, a Cluster in 1st st, ch 1, a Cluster in next p, ch 5, a
Cluster in 1st st, dc in next p. Ch 8, a Cluster in 5th st from hook,
ch 1, turn, a 2-tr-Cluster in 1st of 3 Clusters in corner, ch 5, a
Cluster, ch 1, a 2-tr-Cluster in next 2d Cluster, ch 5, a Cluster,
ch 3, sc in end 3-ch. Fasten off. Repeat in other front corner. =ROW
2=—Join to top corner p at neck, (ch 5, a Cluster, ch 1, sc in next
p around neck) 6 times, ch 5, a Cluster, ch 1, dc in next p, ch 5, a
Cluster, ch 1, sc in 3-ch at end of last row, (ch 5, a Cluster, ch
1, dc between next 2 Clusters) twice, ch 5, a Cluster, ch 1, sk next
Cluster, sc in next 3-ch, ch 5, a Cluster, ch 1, dc in next p, ch 5,
a Cluster, ch 1, sc in next p, ch 5, a Cluster, ch 1, sc in joining
of Blocks. Complete row in same way, reversing directions.

Stretch and pin work right-side-down. Steam and press dry thru a
cloth. Cut Back of net or cloth with a 6” opening from neck down
center. Fasten neck with a lp and button. Sew Back to Vestee at
shoulders. Tack a 12” ribbon at side of each piece at waistline.

=BOW=—Wind wool 5 times around each spoke of Winder and weave
center. Sc in Sil-Tone in back lp of one petal, * (ch 7, sc in next
lp towards the front of same petal) 4 times, ch 7, sc in back lp of
next petal. Repeat from * around (60 lps). =ROW 2=—Sl st to center
of 1st lp, (ch 8, sc in next lp) repeated around. Repeat with 9-ch
lps. =ROW 4=—Sl st to center of 1st lp, * ch 8, a 2-tr-Cluster in
center st of next lp, ch 6, sc in 5th ch st from hook for a p, ch 2,
a 2-tr-Cluster in same st with last Cluster, ch 8, sc in next lp.
Repeat from * around. Fasten off. Sew a crystal button in center.
Make 2 Bows and tack on center of Vestee.




No. 21

_Midwinter Daisies_

[Illustration: Woman holding ski poles]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Knitting Worsted (4-fold Germantown) in 4-oz.
skeins:—2-sks. White and 1-sk. Variegated. Crochet hook size 0. CRAZY
DAISY WINDER.

=BLOCK=—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C,
wind white twice around each spoke of Winder, cut about 14” long and
weave center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 2 lps in
each petal.

=Edge=—In White, sc thru 2 lps of one petal, (ch 3, sc thru both lps
of next petal) 11 times, ch 3, sl st in 1st sc, cut 6” long, thread
to a needle and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Make a 2d Daisy. Sc in one petal, ch 1, sl st in a 3-ch lp
on 1st Block, ch 1, sc back in next petal on 2d Daisy, ch 1, sl st in
next 3-ch lp on 1st Block, ch 1, sc back in next petal on 2d Daisy,
(ch 3, sc in next petal) 9 times, ch 3, sl st in 1st sc and fasten
off.

=CAP=—Make 24 Daisies. Join 8 Blocks by 2 lps on each side of each,
into a straight row, and join the ends. Make another Block and place
it between 2 Blocks in 1st row, joining it to 2 lps on one Block and
to the next 2 lps on adjoining Block in 1st row. Make another Block
and join to last Block, to the next 2 lps on same Block in 1st row
and to the next 2 lps on next adjoining Block in 1st row. Continue to
make and join 6 more Blocks around to complete 2d row. Then make and
join a 3d row around, between the Blocks in last row.

=Bottom Edge=—In White make 3 sc in each of 2 center lps on one
Block, * (1 dc and 1 tr) in next lp, 1 dtr in next half-lp, 1 dtr
in half-lp on next Block, (1 tr and 1 dc) in next lp, (3 sc in next
lp) twice. Repeat from * around, join and fasten off. =ROW 2=—In
Variegated, make 1 sc in each st around. Repeat for Row 3 and fasten
off.

Steam and press dry on wrong side thru a cloth. Run a thread thru
each Block around top edge and gather tightly.

=POM PON=—Make a Daisy in Variegated, winding 4 times around each
spoke, cut 16” long and weave center. Cut all 4 lps in each petal and
rub in hands to fluff into a pom pon. Make 12 and tack around bottom
edge. Make 3 more, tack tog. into a large pom pon and sew over top
gathers.

=TASSEL=—Wind Variegated 40 times around a 10½“ card. Cut at one
edge. Tie a 14” strand tightly around center, fold strands in center,
thread one end of tie strand to a needle, run it down thru tassel,
wind it tightly around tassel 1” from top and fasten. In Variegated,
ch 35 and join into a lp. With other end of tie strand, fasten tassel
to center of ch-lp. Tack other end of lp to top under pom pon.

=SCARF=—Make 46 Daisies. Join 16 Blocks into a straight row. On each
side of this row, join a row of 15 Blocks in same way as for Cap.

=Edge=—On sides of Band, in White, make 2 sc in each of 2 center sps
on one Block, * (1 dc and 1 tr) in next sp, 1 dtr in next half-sp, 1
dtr in half-sp on next Block, (1 tr and 1 dc) in next sp, (2 sc in
next sp) twice. Repeat from * across to corner. Around each of the
3 Blocks on end, make (3 sc in next sp) 4 times, filling in between
Blocks the same as on sides. Complete row and fasten off. =ROW
2=—Join Variegated and make 1 sc in each st. =ROW 3=—(Ch 3, sl st in
next 2 sc) repeated around and fasten off. Make 6 Pom Pons and tack 5
around one end of Band with 6th Pom above center one. Repeat on other
end.

=Strap=—In Variegated, ch 23, 22 sc on ch. (Ch 1, turn, 22 sc) 3
times. Fasten off. With Strap lengthwise of Band, tack one end to
center of Band 7” from one end. Leave Strap slightly loose and tack
other end. Make 3 Pom Pons and tack on Strap. Cross Scarf, passing
other end under Strap.

=RIGHT MITTEN=—=Back=—In White, ch 60, sc in 2d st, (ch 1, sc in next
2d st) repeated to end. =ROW 2=—Ch 1, turn, sc in last sc, (ch 1, sc
in next sc) 21 times, (ch 1, sc in back lp of next sc) 8 times (to
form ribbed wrist). =ROW 3=—Ch 1, turn and in back lps, sc in last
sc, (ch 1, sc in next sc) 7 times, * (ch 1, sc in both lps of next
sc) 22 times. =ROW 4=—Ch 2, turn, dc in last sc, (2 dc in next sc)
21 times. In back lps, sc in next sc, (ch 1, sc in next sc) 7 times.
=ROW 5=—Repeat Row 3 to *. (Ch 1, 5c in both lps of next 2d dc) 22
times. Repeat Rows 2, 3, 4 and 5 twice and Rows 2 and 3 again.

=End=—Working across end of rows, ch 3, * (dc in 2 rows) holding back
the last lp of each dc on hook, yarn over and pull thru all 3 lps
at once for a Cluster, 1 dc in next row. Repeat from * 4 times. A
Cluster in 2 end rows. Ch 3, turn, (a 2-dc-Cluster in next 2 dc, 1 dc
in next dc) 3 times, a Cluster in 2 end dc. Ch 1, turn, sk last dc,
(1 sc, 4 hdc and 1 sl st) across last row. Fasten off.

=Palm=—Repeat Rows 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 2, 3 and 4. Repeat Row 3 to *. (Ch,
1, sc in both lps of next 2d dc) 6 times, ch 17, turn, sc in 2d ch
st, (ch 1, sc in next 2d ch st) 7 times, (ch 1, sc in both lps of
next sc) 6 times, (ch 1, sc in back lp of next sc) 8 times. Continue
in pattern as in Rows 3, 4, 5, 2 and 3, being careful to work the 8
sc in each row at wrist in back lps only. * Ch 1, turn, sc in last
sc, (ch 1, sc in next sc) 8 times. Repeat from * once. Ch 1, turn, sc
in last sc, (ch 1, sc in next sc) 7 times. Repeat this row once. Ch
2, turn, dc in last sc, (2 dc in next sc) 6 times, 1 dc in end sc. Ch
1, turn, sc in last dc, (ch 1, sc in next 2d dc) 7 times. Ch 1, turn,
sc in last sc, (ch 1, sc in next sc) 7 times. Fold thumb so wrong
side of dc-rows is on outside of work, and crochet sides of thumb
tog. with sc:—(ch 1, sc thru next 2d st on both pieces) 8 times. Ch
3, (a 2-dc-Cluster) 8 times around top edge, sl st in 1st Cluster.
(Sc in next Cluster) 7 times, join and sew end tog. Sk 1 dc from base
of thumb, sc in next dc, * (ch 1, sc in next 2d dc) 15 times. ** Ch
1, turn, sc in last sc, (ch 1, sc in next sc) 15 times. Repeat from
** once. * Ch 2, turn, 1 dc in last sc, (2 dc in next sc) 14 times, 1
dc in end sc. Ch 1, turn, sc in last dc. Repeat from * to *. Sew end
of this part of Palm to base of Thumb. Repeat “End” of Back. Lay Back
and Palm back-to-back and whip edges tog. leaving wrist open.

=Cuff=—Make 5 Blocks and join into a straight row, joining ends. On
one side, repeat 1st Row of Edge on Cap. Then repeat Rows 2 and 3 of
Edge on Scarf. On other side, in White, make 2 sc in each of 2 center
lps on one Block, * (1 dc and 1 tr) in next lp, sk half-lp, 1 dtr
down in joining of Blocks, sk next half-lp, (1 tr and 1 dc) in next
lp, (2 sc in next lp) twice. Repeat from * around and join. Ch 1, sl
st in end of one rib on wrist, (ch 1, sc back in next 3d st, ch 1, sl
st in end of next rib on wrist) repeated around and fasten off. Steam
and press dry thru a cloth. Make 8 Pom Pons and tack around edge of
Cuff. Make 2 more and tack lengthwise on center of Back.

Repeat for Left Mitten, turning Thumb and Palm opposite-side-out to
reverse thumb.




No. 22

_Daisies for Sport_

[Illustration: Woman in front of car]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Knitting Worsted (4-fold Germantown) in 4-oz.
skeins:—6-sks. Red and ½ sk. Variegated Rainbow. Crochet hook size 0.
1-pr. shoulder pads. 1-button. Size 34 to 38. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

=DAISY=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C, wind Red
yarn twice around each spoke of Winder. Cut about 14” long and weave
center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 2 lps in each
petal. Make 164 Daisies for Sweater and 18 for Hood.

=BLOCK=—Sc in Red thru 2 lps of one petal, * ch 4, dc in 4th ch st
from hook, ** ch 3, sl st in same st, sc in same petal, ch 5, hdc in
4th ch st from hook for a p, sc thru 2 lps of next petal, ch 4, hdc
in 4th ch st from hook, sc in next petal, ch 4, hdc in 4th ch st from
hook, ch 1, sc in next petal. Repeat from * 3 times ending with a sl
st in 1st sc. Cut 6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to **. Sl st in 1 lp of dc in a corner shell on 1st
Block, ch 3, sl st back in st where dc was made, sc in same petal,
ch 3, sl st in next p on 1st Block, ch 1, hdc back in center st of
3-ch, sc in next petal, * ch 2, sl st in next p on 1st Block, ch 1,
hdc back in starting st of 2-ch, * sc in next petal. Repeat from * to
*. Ch 1, sc in next petal, ch 4, dc in 4th ch st from hook, sl st in
1 lp of dc in next corner shell on 1st Block, ch 3, sl st back in st
where dc was made, sc in same petal. Complete Block as for 1st one.
Continue to make and join Daisies as in Chart.

[Illustration: Chart of daisies]

=POM PON DAISIES=—Wind Variegated Yarn 4 times around each spoke, cut
1” long and weave center with Red yarn. Make 29 of these for Sweater
and 6 for Hood. Work around and join them with Red yarn in same way,
except go thru only the 2 back lps of each petal, leaving the 2 top
lps of each petal free.

Following Chart, join 38 Red Blocks and 4 Variegated Blocks for each
Sleeve, joining ends of 6 rows marked A. Join 46 Red Blocks and 6
Variegated Blocks for Back. Join 42 Red Blocks and 6 Variegated
Blocks for Front, joining the 4-Block row on each side of Front to
corresponding row on each side of Back. At top of center Front, do
not join the 2 Blocks marked C to corresponding Blocks on other side
of Front. At shoulders, join Blocks marked D. Join Red to corner
shell marked A on Back, ch 3, sl st in corner shell marked A on
Front, ch 1, hdc back in same shell on Back, forming a triangular
opening on shoulder. To fill in, ch 3, dc under hdc, (ch 1, 2 dc in
next p on shoulder of Back) 3 times, tr in joining of Blocks, 2 dc in
next p on side of Block D on Back, (ch 1, 2 dc in next p) twice, tr
in joining of Blocks, 2 dc in next p, (ch 1, 2 dc in next p) twice,
sl st in 1st dc. Ch 3, sk next 2 dc, dc in next 1-ch sp, ch 1, dc in
next 1-ch sp, sk 4 dc, dc in next 1-ch sp, dc in next 1-ch sp, sk 4
dc, dc in next 1-ch sp, ch 1, dc in next 1-ch sp, sl st in 1st 3-ch.
Fasten off. Repeat on other shoulder.

To fill in all half-squares marked B on Chart, join Red to middle
p up right-hand-side of a half-square, ch 1, dc in next p, 3 tr in
joining of Blocks, dc in next p, ch 1, sc in next (center) p, ch 2,
dc in next p, ch 2, turn, dc in 3 center tr, ch 2, dc in same p where
work started, ch 3, sc in next p. Fasten off.

To round top of Sleeve, make sc in center p at top of Block E, ch 2,
2 dc in next p, ch 2, 3 dc in joining of Blocks, ch 2, 2 dc in next
p, ch 2, sc in next p. Fasten off.

=ARMHOLE=—Join Red at 3-ch shoulder joining marked A, ch 3, 2 dc in
same place, ch 2, dc in side of corner shell, * (ch 2, sc in next
p) 3 times, ch 1, dc in side of corner shell, ch 1, dc in joining of
Blocks, ch 1, dc in side of corner shell, ch 1, sc in next p, (ch 2,
sc in next p) twice, ch 2, hdc in side of corner shell, * ch 2, dc in
joining of Blocks, ch 2, dc in next sc, ch 2, dc in next dc, ch 2, dc
in next 3 dc, ch 2, dc in next dc, ch 3, dc in next p, ch 3, sc in
joining of Blocks, ch 3, dc in next sc, ch 3, dc in next dc, ch 2, dc
in next 3 dc, ch 2, dc in next dc, ch 2, dc in next p, ch 2, dc in
joining of Blocks, ch 2, hdc in side of corner shell. Repeat from *
to *. Ch 2, sl st in 1st 3-ch. =ROW 2=—Work sc around, putting 1 sc
in each 1-ch sp, 2 sc in 2-ch sps, 3 sc in 3-ch sps, and 1 sc in each
st between chs. Join and fasten off. Repeat on other armhole.

=SLEEVE=—For armhole edge, join Red to underarm joining of Blocks, ch
2, dc in side of corner shell, * ch 2, 2 dc in next sc, ch 1, 3 dc in
next dc, ch 1, dc in next 3 dc, ch 1, 3 dc in next dc, ch 1, 2 dc in
next p, ch 2, sc in corner shell. * Repeat from * to *. Ch 2, 2 dc in
next p, ch 1, 2 tr in next sc, ch 1, (2 dc in next dc) twice, ch 2,
dc in next 3 dc, ch 2, (2 dc in next dc) twice, ch 1, 2 tr in next
sc, ch 1, 2 dc in next p, ch 2, sc in corner shell. Repeat from * to
* twice. Repeat Row 2 of Armhole. Repeat on other Sleeve. Sew Sleeves
into Armholes, going thru back lps of sts only. Make fullness at top
of Sleeves into 2 pleats.

=NECK=—Sc in center-front corner shell, ch 4, tr in same place, ch 1,
2 tr in next sc, ch 1, 2 tr in next dc, ch 1, dc in next 3 dc, * ch
1, 2 dc in next dc, ch 1, 2 dc in next p, ch 1, dc in side of corner
shell, dc in joining of Blocks, dc in side of next corner shell, ch
1, 2 dc in next sc, ch 1, 2 dc in next dc, ch 1, dc in next 3 dc. *
Repeat from * to * twice. Ch 1, 2 tr in next dc, ch 1, 2 tr in next
p, ch 1, 2 tr in corner shell. Ch 1, turn and work sc around,—1 sc in
each 1-ch sp and 1 sc in each dc and tr. Fasten off.

=COLLAR=—Make and join 9 Pom Pon Blocks. =Edge=—join to corner shell,
ch 3, dc in same place, * (ch 1, 2 dc in each of next 3 ps, ch 1, 2
dc in joining of Blocks) repeated across * to other corner. Fasten
off and sew to neck, going thru both lps of each st.

=BOTTOM BAND=—Sc in joining of 2 Blocks on one side, ch 3, dc in same
place. Repeat from * to * on Collar around bottom edge. End with ch
1, sl st in 1st 3-ch. =ROW 2=—Ch 3, dc in next dc (ch 1, dc in next
6 dc, ch 1, dc in next 2 dc) repeated around and join. =Ribbing=—Ch
28, sc in 2d ch st from hook, (ch 1, sc in next 2d ch st) 13 times, *
insert hook under bar of next dc, bringing it up between this dc and
the next one, yarn over and pull thru work and lp on hook for a sl
st. Ch 1, turn, sk sl st, sc in back lp of last sc, (ch 1, sc in back
lp of next sc) 13 times. Ch 1, turn, sc in back lp of last sc, (ch 1,
sc in back lp of next sc) 13 times, a sl st under bar of next 2d dc,
ch 1, turn, sc in back lp of last sc, (ch 1, sc in next sc) 13 times,
ch 1, turn, sc in back lp of last sc, (ch 1, sc in back lp of next
sc) 13 times. Repeat from * around. Fasten off and sew 1st and last
rows together.

=CUFF=—Repeat Rows 1 and 2 of Bottom Band. Repeat Ribbing except
start with only 24 ch and make sl sts under bar of every 2d dc.
Repeat on other sleeve.

Block Sweater to desired size and tack pads in shoulders.

=TIE=—Cut 3 strands Red 2-yds. long. Twist tightly, double and twist
in opposite direction. Fasten loose end. =Pom Pon=—Wind Variegated
yarn 40 times around a 1” card. Cut at one edge. Tie an 8” strand
tightly around center of strands, rub in hands to fluff and fasten to
one end of Tie. Lace Tie across top slit on Front and tie at Collar.
Make a 2d Pom Pon and fasten to other end of Tie.

=HOOD=—Make and join 18 Red Blocks as in Chart, folding piece
crosswise in center and joining A Blocks to B Blocks. Turn top point
forward and tack down.

=BAND=—Make and join 6 Pom Pon Blocks. Pin this over front row
around Hood, exactly matching ps. Join Red to right corner, going
thru corner shells on both pieces, ch 3, 4 dc in same place, * (ch 1
and going thru both pieces, 2 dc in next p) 3 times, ch 3, 3 dc in
joining of Blocks. Repeat from * across to other corner. Put 5 dc in
corner shell. Ch 1, (2 dc in each of next 3 ps, 3 dc in joining of
Blocks) repeated around neck edge to corner. Ch 1, sl st in 1st 3-ch.
=ROW 2=—Ch 3, dc in next dc, 5 dc in next dc, dc in each dc of last
row with 1-ch over each 1-ch. Put 5 dc in opposite front corner. sl
st in 1st 3-ch, sl st to corner dc. =ROW 3=—1 sc in each dc and 1-ch
sp around front to other corner. =Ribbed Band=—Ch 6, sc in 2d st, (ch
1, sc in next 2d ch st) twice, * sl st under bar of next 2d dc (as
for Ribbing on Sweater), ** ch 1, turn, sc in back lp of last sc, (ch
1, sc in back lp of next sc) twice, ** Ch 1, turn, sc in back lp of
last sc, (ch 1, sc in back lp of next sc) twice. Repeat from * around
neck edge to other corner. =Strap=—Repeat from ** to ** for 5¼”. Ch
10, turn, sl st in other end of last row. Fasten off. Sew button on
left corner of Hood and fasten lp on Strap over it. Block Hood.




NO. 23 _Refreshment Set_

[Illustration: Refreshment Set]


=MATERIALS=—Lily Pearl Cotton size 5 (50-yd. balls):—3-balls White,
2-balls Lt. Green for Doily and a partial ball each Yellow, Salmon
Rose, Lavender and Blue for Coasters (sufficient for Doily and 4
Coasters). Crochet hook size 7. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

=COASTER=—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, wind White
thread around and around as in Illustration D, until there are 5 lps
around each pair of spokes. Push handle of crochet hook down between
petals to separate. Cut thread 24” long and weave center as in Ill.
E except go under 2 petals and back over one for each st,—making a
12-petal flower with 5 lps in each petal. Edge—Without separating
petals, make 7 sc in end of each. =ROW 2=—Sl st in 1st 4 sc, ch 3, 3
dc in same sc, holding back the last lp of each on hook, thread over
and pull thru all 4 lps on hook at once (a Cluster), ch 12 and drop
thread and ch in front of work, but do not cut. Working behind this
lp, sl st in a color between sc in next angle between petals, ch 3,
a 3-dc-Cluster in same place, ch 12 and drop this thread and ch down
in front. ** Pick up White thread and ch and working behind colored
ch, make a 4-dc-Cluster in center sc of next petal, * ch 13, turn, sl
st back in previous Cluster at starting end of 12-ch, ch 1, turn and
working over both chs, cover them with 15 sc, sc in Cluster, ch 12
and drop this in front. * Pick up colored ch and working behind White
ch, make a 4-dc-Cluster between sc in next angle between petals.
Repeat from * to *. Repeat from ** around (12 White lps and 12
colored lps alternated). Cut each thread 6” long, thread to a needle
and fasten off on back. Repeat for each Coaster.

=DOILY=—Make 6 Coasters, using Green for colored lps. Tack tog. into
a circle by 1 colored and 2 White lps on each side of each, leaving
3 colored and 2 White lps free on each on inside of circle between
joinings. =Center=—Wind White twice around each spoke of WINDER as
in Ill. C, cut 14” long and weave center as in Ill. E, making a
12-petal flower with 2 lps in each petal. =Edge=—Sc thru both lps of
one petal, (ch 7, sc in next petal) 11 times, ch 7, sl st in 1st sc.
=ROW 2=—Ch 1, sc in next lp, * (ch 4, sc in same lp) twice, ch 4, sc
in next lp. Repeat from * around. Join with 2-ch, hdc in 1st sc. =ROW
3=—(Ch 4, sc in next lp) repeated around, with 2-ch and hdc for end
lp. =ROW 4=—** Ch 10, sl st in 1st Green lp to right of joining of 2
Coasters, ch 4, sl st in 1st Green lp to left of joining, ch 5, sk
last 5 sts of 10-ch, dc in next st, ch 2, sl st in next 3d ch st, ch
1, sc in next 4-ch lp, ch 3, sc in next lp, * ch 7, sl st in 1 lp of
4th ch st from hook for a p, ch 2, sl st in next White lp on Coaster,
ch 5, sl st in 4th st from hook for a p, ch 2, sk previous p, sl st
in next 2d ch st, ch 1, sc in next 4-ch lp, ch 3, sc in next lp.
Repeat from * once. Repeat from ** 5 times. Fasten off.

Stretch and pin work right-side-down in true shape. Steam and press
dry thru a cloth.




No. 24

_Afghan_ “DAISY GARDEN”

[Illustration: Afghan and rug]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Knitting Worsted (4-fold Germantown) in 4-oz.
sks:—9-sks. Garnet and 4-sks. Variegated Rose. Crochet hook size 0.
CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

Size—50” x 65”.

=BLOCK=—=Flower=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C,
wind Variegated twice around each spoke of Winder, cut end about 14”
long and weave center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 2
loops in each petal. Make 7 flowers. Each flower will have at least 2
(opposite) petals in darkest shade and at least one of the 7 flowers
will have a dark center.

=Edge=—With this dark-centered flower wrong-side-up, make 1 sc in
Garnet thru both lps of one dark petal, (ch 3, sc thru both lps of
next petal) 11 times, ch 3, sl st in 1st sc. Cut 6” long and pull
thru lp tight. This is the center of Block. Continue with Garnet,
using Daisies wrong-side-up. Make 1 sc in 3d petal to right of a dark
petal on a 2d Daisy, (ch 3, sc in next petal) twice, ch 1, sl st in
1st sp to left of end of row on 1st Daisy, ch 1, 1 sc back in next
(dark) petal on 2d Daisy, ch 1, sl st in next sp (to right of end of
row) on 1st Daisy, ch 1, 1 sc back in next petal on 2d Daisy, * ch 3,
sc in next petal, ch 3, sc in 2d petal to right of a dark petal on
another Daisy, ch 1, swing hook around to right, skipping last 3-ch
and make sl st in next previous 3-ch, (ch 1, sc back in next petal on
last Daisy, ch 1, sl st in next sp on 1st Daisy) twice, ch 1, sc back
in next petal on last Daisy. Repeat from * 4 times, joining 4 more
Daisies in turn to each other and to center 1st Daisy. (Ch 1, sl st
in next sp on 2d Daisy, ch 1, sl st back in next petal on 7th Daisy)
twice to complete circle. ** (Ch 3, sc in next petal around Daisy)
6 times, ch 1, sl st in 3-ch between Daisies, ch 1, sc in next free
petal. Repeat from ** 4 times. *** (Ch 3, sc in next petal) 6 times.
Cut 6” long.

Make a 2d Block to *** (Ch 3, sc in next petal) twice, ch 1, sl st
in corresponding sp on 2d Daisy on 1st Block. ch 1, sc back in next
petal, ch 1, sl st in next sp on same Daisy on 1st Block, ch 1, sc
back in next petal, (ch 3, sc in next petal) twice and cut. Make and
join 8 more Blocks into a straight band.

=Fill-in Daisies=—Following directions for Variegated Daisies, make
14 Daisies in Garnet. With Garnet and holding all work wrong-side-up,
make sc in one petal, (ch 3, sc in next petal) 4 times. Now join
remaining 8 petals with 1-chs to 4 Daisies around an opening on one
side of Band, fastening to two 3-ch sps on each Daisy. Fill in the 9
openings on each side of Band in same way.

=Border=—With right-side-up, sc in Garnet in center sc at one end, **
3 sc in next sp, sc in sc, * 3 sc in next sp, hdc in next sc, dc in
next sp, (tr in next sc, dtr down in bottom of angle, tr in next sc)
holding back the last lp of each st on hook, yarn over and pull thru
all 4 lps at once (a Cluster made), dc in next sp, hdc in next sc, **
(3 sc in next sp, sc in sc) 3 times. Repeat from * to **. Repeat from
** to ** around Band, working around ends as at start of row, sl st
in 1st sc. =ROW 2=—Ch 1, turn, 2 sc in sl st for a widening, 1 sc in
back lp of each st around with 3 widenings around each end. Join to
1st sc. =ROW 3=—Ch 1, turn, 1 sc in back lp of each sc around, with
6 widenings around each end. Join and cut. Thread each 6-ch end to a
needle and fasten securely on back.

Make 7 Bands and sew together exactly matching patterns, going thru 1
lp of each sc.

=Edge=—In Garnet, with wrong-side-up, make a row of sc in back lps,
widening 3 times around each point. =ROW 2=—Ch 1, turn and in back
lps, sc in 4 sc, (ch 3, sc in next 4 sc) repeated around, skipping 2
sc in angle between points. Join and fasten off.

Stretch and pin afghan right-side-down on a large, padded table or
board, or on quilting or curtain frames. Steam and press dry thru a
cloth (see Blocking Instruction on page 31).




No. 25

_Daisy Fluff Rug_

[Illustration: Chart for rug]


=MATERIALS=—Jack Frost Knitting Worsted (4-fold Germantown) in 4-oz.
skeins:—8-sks. Garnet and 5-sks. Variegated Rose. Crochet hook size
0. Size—38 inches. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

=DAISY=—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C, wind
Variegated Rose 5 times around each spoke of Winder. Cut about 20”
long and weave center as in Ill. E, making a 12-petal flower with 5
lps in each petal. With Daisy right-side-up, cut the top 4 lps in
each petal, leaving only the single 5th lp uncut on back of each
petal. Rub in hands to fluff into a pom pon. Make 241-Variegated
Daisies and 120-Garnet Daisies.

=BLOCK=—In Garnet, ch 9, sl st in 1st st. Ch 5, dc in ring, (ch 2, dc
in ring) 10 times, ch 2, sl st in 3d st of 1st 5-ch. Lay a Daisy on
top of circle and make 2 sc thru the back lp of one petal into next
2-ch sp, * (ch 1, 2 sc thru back lp of next petal into next 2-ch sp)
11 times, ch 1, sl st in 1st sc. Cut 6” long, thread to a needle and
fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to *. Ch 1, sl st in a 1-ch sp on 1st Block, ch 1,
2 sc back thru back lp of next petal into next 2-ch sp on 2d Block,
(ch 1, sl st in next 1-ch sp on 1st Block, ch 1, 2 sc back thru next
petal into next 2-ch sp on 2d Block) twice. Then complete row as for
1st Block.

=3d BLOCK=—Repeat 1st Block to *. Ch 1, sl st in 2d 1-ch sp to left
of joining of 1st 2 Blocks, ch 1, 2 sc back thru next petal into next
2-ch sp on 3d Block, ch 1, sl st in next 1-ch sp towards joining of
1st 2 Blocks, ch 1, 2 sc back thru next petal into next 2-ch sp on 3d
Block, ch 1, sl st into joining of 1st 2 Blocks, ch 1, 2 sc back thru
next petal into next 2-ch sp on 3d Block, (ch 1, sl st in next 1-ch
sp on 1st Block, ch 1, 2 sc back thru next petal into next 2-ch sp
on 3d Block) twice and complete 3d Block. Continue to make and join
Blocks in same way (as hexagons), following Chart for placement of
colors,—making 3 joinings where 2 Blocks are joined (as for Blocks 1
and 2), 5 joinings where a Block is joined to 2 other Blocks (as for
3d Block), or 7 joinings where a Block is joined to 3 other Blocks.

=EDGE=—In Garnet, sc in 1-ch sp at “A” on Chart, (sc in next 2 sc, 1
sc in 1-ch sp) 3 times, * hdc in next 2d sc, dc between Blocks, hdc
in next 2d sc, (sc in next 1-ch sp, sc in next 2 sc) twice, sc in
next 1-ch sp. Repeat from * 4 times. ** Sc in next 2 sc, sc in 1-ch
sp, sc in next sc, dc in next 1-ch sp, tr in next 2d sc, dtr in next
2 sc on next Block, dtr in next 1-ch sp, dtr in next 2 sc, tr in next
2d sc on next Block, dc in next sc, sc in next sc, sc in next 1-ch
sp, sc in next 2 sc, sc in next 1-ch sp. Repeat from ** twice. (Sc in
next 2 sc, sc in 1-ch sp) twice. Repeat from * around rug and fasten
off.

On each of the 18 sps around rug marked with dotted lines, tie a
tuft:—Wind 2 strands of Garnet 20 times around a 1” card. Cut at one
edge. Thread a long strand of Garnet to a large needle and take a st
in center of one sp. Pull end down to 2½”. Take a 2d st alongside and
pull down, leaving a lp between. Pass 40-strand tuft thru lp, pull
tie strand down tightly around tuft and tie in a hard, double knot.
Cut ends even with tuft. Fluff to match pom pons. Repeat in other 17
sps.




NO. 26 _Rug_ “GARDEN GAY”

[Illustration: Rug]


=MATERIALS=—Lily Rug Yarn Art. 241 (80-yd. skeins):—13-sks. Lt. Blue,
2-sks. Peach and 1-sk. each Salmon Rose and Cream. Crochet hook size
H-6. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

Size—24” x 40”.

=BLOCK=—Daisy—Following instructions on page 2, Illustration C, wind
yarn twice around each spoke of Winder. Cut 1” long and weave center
with a contrasting color as in Ill. E.

=Base=—In Lt. Blue ch 10, s1 st in 1st st. (Ch 3, 3 sc in ring) 4
times. Sl st in next 3-ch lp, ch 3, 1 hdc in same lp, * hdc in next 3
sc, (1 hdc, ch 1, 1 dc, ch 1, 1 hdc) all in next 3-ch. Repeat from *
twice. Hdc in next 4 sts, ch 1, sl st in 2d st of next 3-ch. Cut 8”
long. Lay Daisy on top of Base and tack tip of each petal down, using
carpet warp for the Peach, Salmon Rose and Cream Daisies, and the Rug
Yarn in Lt. Blue for the Blue Daisies. Make 144 Blocks. Using 8” end
left from each Base, sew Blocks tog. into strips, going thru both lps
of each st, then sew strips tog. exactly matching corners.

Starting at left corner of one end, make corner Block of Cream Daisy
with Salmon Rose center. Make the next diagonal row of 2 Blocks,
Peach Daisies with Blue centers. =Next Row=—3 Blocks of Salmon Rose
Daisies with Cream Centers. =4th Row=—4 Blocks of Peach Daisies with
Blue centers. =5th Row=—5 Blocks of Cream Daisies with Salmon Rose
centers. =6th Row=—6 Blocks of Peach Daisies with Blue centers. =7th
Row=—7 Blocks of Salmon Rose Daisies with Cream centers. =8th Row=—8
Blocks of Peach Daisies with Blue centers. =9th Row=—9 Blocks of
Cream Daisies with Salmon Rose centers. Repeat this section for other
diagonal corner of rug. Then connect the 2 sections with 6 rows of
Blocks,—Blue Daisies with Peach centers,—9 Blocks in each row.

=BORDER=—In Lt. Blue, work sc around rug, 9 sc across each Block,
with 3 sc in each corner of rug. =ROW 2=—Make (sc, ch 2, sc) in each
corner, with (ch 1, sc in next 2d sc) repeated around. =ROW 3=—Make
(sc, ch 2, sc) in each corner 2-ch, with (ch 1, sc in next 1-ch sp)
repeated around. Repeat for 4th Row. Fasten off.

Stretch and pin rug right-side-down on a large, padded board or
table. Steam and press dry thru a cloth.




NO. 27 _Buffet Supper Scarf_

[Illustration: Buffet Supper Scarf]

[Illustration: Buffet Supper Scarf closeup]


=MATERIALS=—Lily FROST-TONE (600-yd. cones):—1½-cones White, Cream or
Ecru. Crochet hook size 10. CRAZY DAISY WINDER. Size—15” x 44”.

=BLOCK=—(Size—2¾“)—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2,
Illustration C, wind 4 times around spokes 1 and 2, once each around
spokes 3 and 4, 5 and 6, 4 times around spokes 7 and 8, and once each
around spokes 9 and 10, 11 and 12. Cut 14” long and weave center as
in Ill. E. =Edge=—(Sc, hdc and 5 dc) in all 4 lps of one 4-lp petal,
* ch 7, sl st back in 3d dc, ch 1, 2 sc in lp, ch 4, sl st in last sc
for a p, ** (3 sc, a 7-ch p, 3 sc, a 4-ch p, 1 sc and 1 sl st) all in
bal. of 7-ch lp, (2 dc, l hdc and 1 sc) in same petal, ch 5, sc in
2 lps of 4th ch st from hook for a p, ch 2, sc in single lp of next
petal, ch 5, sc in single lp of next petal, ch 5, p, ch 2, (sc, hdc
and 5 dc) in 4 lps of next petal. Repeat from * around. Join final
p-lp to 1st sc, cut 6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on
back.

=2d BLOCK=—Repeat to ** in Edge Row. 3 sc in lp, ch 3, sl st in a
corner p on 1st Block, ch 3, sl st back in last sc, 3 sc in lp, ch 2,
sl st in next p on 1st Block, ch 2, sl st back in last sc, 1 sc and 1
sl st in bal. of lp, (2 dc, 1 hdc and 1 sc) in same petal, ch 5, p,
ch 2, sc in next petal, ch 2, sl st in center 5-ch lp on 1st Block,
ch 2, sc back in next petal, ch 5, p, ch 2, (sc, hdc and 5 dc) in
next petal, ch 7, sl st back in 3d dc, ch 1, 2 sc in lp, ch 2, sl st
in corresponding p on 1st Block, ch 2, sl st back in last sc, 3 sc in
lp, ch 3, sl st in next (corner) p on 1st Block, ch 3, sl st back in
last sc and complete Block.

Continue to make and join Blocks 5 wide by 16 long (or other desired
size).

=EDGE=—Join to 1st p at one corner, (ch 3, dtr) 8 times in corner p,
* ch 3, sc in next p, (ch 3, dtr) 5 times in center st of 5-ch sp
on side of next Block, ch 3, sc in 1st p on next corner of Block,
(ch 3, dtr) 5 times in joining of Blocks. Repeat from * around with
each corner like 1st one. =ROW 2=—3 sc in next 3-ch sp, (1 sc, ch 1,
3 dc, ch 1 and 1 sc,—all in next 3-ch sp) 7 times, * (3 sc in next
sp) twice, (2 sc, ch 4, sl st in last sc for a p, and 2 sc) in each
of next 4 sps, (3 sc in next sp) twice, (1 sc, ch 1, 3 dc, ch 1 and
1 sc,—all in next 3-ch sp) 4 times. Repeat from * around with each
corner like 1st one. Fasten off.

Stretch and pin scarf right-side-down in true shape. Steam and press
dry thru a cloth.




No. 28 (Also pictured on back cover)

_Daisy_ TABLE DOILY SET

“_Dinner Date_”

[Illustration: TABLE DOILY]


=MATERIALS=—Lily SKYTONE Mercerized Crochet Cotton (250-yd.
balls):—4-balls White, Cream or Ecru (sufficient for Centerpiece, 4
place Mats and 4 Coasters). Crochet hook size 10. CRAZY DAISY WINDER.

=BLOCK=—=Daisy=—Following instructions on page 2, wind thread from
left to right around spokes Nos. 1 and 2 as given in Illustration D,
across center and from left to right around spokes 3 and 12, across
center and repeat 4 times in same way around same spokes. (Cross
center and wind from right to left around spoke No. 11, cross center
and wind from left to right around spoke No. 10) 3 times. (Cross
center and wind from right to left around spokes Nos. 8 and 7, cross
center and wind from right to left around spokes Nos. 6 and 9) 5
times. Cross center, holding thread in center with thumb (and wind
from right to left around spoke No. 4, cross center and wind from
left to right around spoke No. 5, cross center) 3 times. Cut 24” long
and weave 3 rows of sts around center, making an 8-petal flower with
5-lp petals alternating with 3-lp petals. =Edge=—Sc in 1 lp of a 3-lp
petal, * (ch 3, sc in next lp of same petal) twice, ch 6, 6 sc thru
all 5 lps of next petal, ch 6, sc in 1 lp of next 3-lp petal. Repeat
from * around. Join with 6-ch, sl st in 1st sc. =ROW 2=—* Ch 4, sc
thru 2 lps of starting st of 4-ch, ch 1 (a p-lp made), (1 dc, another
p-lp and 1 dc) all in next sc, a p-lp, sl st in next sc, 3 sc on half
of next 6-ch lp, (a p-lp, tr in next sc) 6 times, a p-lp, 3 sc on
left half of next 6-ch lp, sl st in next sc. Repeat from * around.
Cut 6” long, thread to a needle and fasten off on back.

=2d BLOCK=—Join to 1st Block by the 5th and 6th ps on 1st corner
shell, by the center p on small shell and by the 2d and 3d ps on next
corner shell,—joining to corresponding ps on 1st Block. To join,
instead of making a p-lp, ch 3, sl st in p on 1st Block, ch 2, sc
back in starting st of 3-ch and ch 1. Repeat for each joining.

=CENTERPIECE=—(Size—12½”)—Make and join 16 Blocks 4 x 4 into a square.

=PLACE MAT=—(Size—12½” x 16”)—Make and join 20 Blocks 4 x 5. Make 4.

=COASTER=—Make 4 of one Block each.

Stretch and pin Doilies right-side-down in true shape. Steam and
press dry thru a cloth.




ABBREVIATIONS FOR CROCHET


  Chain                   ch
  Slip Stitch          sl st
  Single Crochet          sc
  Half Double Crochet    hdc
  Double Crochet          dc
  Treble                  tr
  Double Treble          dtr
  Triple Treble        tr tr
  Picot                    p
  Block                   bl
  Space                   sp
  Loop                    lp
  Skip                    sk
  Stitch(es)           st(s)




BLOCKING INSTRUCTIONS


After a piece of crochet is finished, stretch and pin it
right-side-down on a padded ironing board and steam with a wet cloth
and hot iron. Then press thru a dry cloth until thoroughly dry. For
large articles, stretch on curtain or quilting frames, lay over an
ironing board, and steam and press dry in sections until completed.
Be sure to pin out all picots, loops, scallops, etc., around outside
edges.




It’s always important to use the particular yarn specified in crochet
directions. In the directions using the Crazy Daisy Winder it is
essential to make sure your crochet fits correctly around the Crazy
Daisies.


FOR BEST RESULTS

USE _Lily_[Illustration: Lily logo] YARNS SPECIFIED

[Illustration: Various yarns]

Ask for these LILY YARNS at your favorite needlework counter. They
are boilfast and colorfast—designed to give you better and more
lasting results in your crochet.

[Illustration:

  For instructions on Daisy Doily Set, see page 31.

  [Illustration: Hero logo] HERO MFG. CO., INC.
  Middleboro, Mass. 02346

  Manufacturer of the Crazy Daisy Winder

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK DESIGNS FOR CRAZY DAISY
WINDER ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg™ License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
provided that:

• You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation.”

• You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
  works.

• You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

• You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you “AS-IS”, WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™

Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™'s
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
